Flashing yellow arrow = you can turn, but yield. New national traffic standard. WDM retrofits paid for by federal grant....
Listened to & talked briefly w Mayor @roncorbett &City Mgr Pluckhahn @ Metro Rotary. Both spoke persuasively about road repair & LOST.
Interesting discussion today re funding our roads and bridges on Iowa Press:
Polls show more than 80 percent of Iowans want tougher laws for texting while driving. In 2010, Iowa made it a...
Newly Filed Bill SF 205 - A bill for an act relating to matters under the purview of the department of transportatio...
TUESDAY: WATERLOO MEETING ON IOWA PARK & RIDE PLAN: The Iowa Department of Transportation will hold public inp...
Iowa driver’s license practice test available on Kindle: The popular “IA Driver Test” app, a practice test for...
During debate, Rep. Jim Lykam (D) Davenport, ranking member of the House Transportation Committee quoted Bill...
Iowans really enjoy boating. Here is an interesting fact: There are more than 229,000 registered boats in Iowa.
Check 511 when planning summer travel: As you plan your summer travels, remember that Iowa’s 511 service is av...
Recent polls show 83 percent of Iowans want tougher laws for texting while driving. The Iowa Senate responded...
Iowa interactive bicycle map: One of Iowa DOT’s most popular publications, the Iowa Transportation Map for Bic...
Thousands pedaled past my office today at the Capitol. Beautiful day for a bike ride across Iowa. #RAGBRAI
Mckinley ave. Expansion  Indianola road expansion and army post road expansion.  More progress for the southside.
Voting on the RIIF approps bill bounced from the Senate.  The House rejects the Senate amendment.
Road Closure NoticeThe City of Urbandale is widening 142nd Street from Hickman Road to Douglas Parkway. Starting...
Newly Filed Bill SF 192 - A bill for an act relating to snowmobile registration and permit fees.
Join @peopleforbikes in uniting millions to improve the future of biking:
@NoLabelsOrg Hey Congress, Iowa just did the right thing in a bipartisan way on infrastructure! You should try it for a change...
@PaulYeager It used to be more popular in the past.  With four lanes on Hwy 20 and Hwy 30, less people are traveling through Albion.
Bike to Work & School Week is here! RIding bike in Bike/Bus/Car Race tomorrow from CPL to ICPL. Bike needs to
Newly Filed Bill HSB 227 - An Act providing for an alternative motor fuel facility tax credit and including effectiv...
Bipartisan/Bicycle friendly Wisconsin...2011 Bicycle Legislation Update:
Paving the road to Iowa’s future: Iowa’s roads and bridges are in bad shape. That can make businesses hesitant...
RT @partnercom: @Senator_Sodders. This is an issue critical to ALL Iowans. We built farm to market roads to grow our economy, now we need D…
So @TerryBranstad takes a stance on greyhound racing but refuses to discuss road funding...confused on his priorities. #fundourroads
There is no question that the best snow removal in the metro belongs to @iwindsorheight. Roads are always clear. Great work, guys. #iawx
Ashworth Road Construction b/t 35th and 50th:
The 2015-2016 Iowa Bicycle Map highlights bike-friendly routes through Iowa by identifying bike trails and traffic…
House ditches Senate effort to crack down on texting & driving: Recent polls show 83 percent of Iowans want to...
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1036 - A study bill for an act allowing the department of transportation to accept reports from...
RT @mccoyforsenate: Use the IA DOT Park & Ride website & interactive map to help you connect with car pools, van pools & public transit.ht…
Newly Filed Bill HSB 237 - An Act relating to and making transportation and other infrastructure=related appropriati...
Ran my first bill on the floor of the house this morning!  HF 290 passed unanimously.  It dealt with motorcycle stabilizing wheels.
Iowa @IowaSenate debates tougher laws against texting while driving. #ialegis
The Iowa Department of Transportation (DOT) is implementing a Statewide Park & Ride System Plan. As a part of this…
Sen. David Johnson visiting with former state senator & commission member John Putney at the IA DOT meeting #ialegis
FUEL PUMP UPDATES WOULD HELP IOWANS WITH DISABILITIES: Iowans rely on their vehicles to get to work, pick up g...
Attended Bertram City Council meeting last night. Learned their priorities. Concerned that FEMA expedite replacement of washed out bridge.
Iowans for Tax Relief came out in support of more bonding for roads today.  Way to protect the Iowa taxpayer!  @ITRwatchdog #irrelevant
Keep the comments coming about HF 549, red light and speeding cameras. I appreciate your thoughts.
Yesterday, I introduced a bill (AB 266) with @Vanwanggaard that will strengthen WI drunk driving laws.
A busy schedule today meeting on progress of HWY 965 improvements and  flood prevention projects, but I will take...
My first speech on the floor of the Iowa House, on a transportation bill related to truck axles.  It passed 99-0.
TRANSPORTATION – Week of April 22, 2013: HF 355 – Authorizing online driver’s license renewal & transitioning ...
DISTRACTED DRIVING AWARENESS MONTH: April is National Distracted Driving Awareness Month. Driving requires thr...
Peace be upon all, the web site has been updated. Please join me on this journey to help make life better.
Regional airports, like Waterloo, are important economic development tools and our policies should treat them...
May 31 of this year the Highway Trust Fund is basically empty. Infrastructure in this country is a main economic driver. #fixthetrustfund
Iowans rely on their vehicles to get to work, pick up groceries, drive their kids to school and more. This...
W.D.M. declares May as Bike Month
RT @cityofjohnston: Vehicles parked on city streets could be ticketed or towed during snow events.
RT @iowadnr: Sinkholes in NE #Iowa are a fact of life. But a #deer in a sinkhole? Not so much.
DES MOINES TO HOST PASSENGER RAIL PUBLIC HEARING
@KGAN_CBS2 RIIF stands for Rebuild Iowas Infrastructure Fund.  IA Dems have spent RIIF $s on things other than infrastructure.
I have heard that there is a pressing need for new busses.  This one is very clean and relatively modern.
Transportation – Feb. 16, 2015: SSB 1168 – Increasing state funding for roads and bridges SF 87 – Vehicle regi...
Wrapped up the legislative session today. Biggest accomplishment of session was addressing our infrastructure issues.  #leadership
RT @KrauseForIowa: For $1/2 billion given to #RichestManInEgypt, Highway 20 could have been completed and ALL of north Iowa could have bene…
RT @IowaBicycle: The outdoor industry say 4 of 5 Americans own bicycles. That is 2.4 million bikes in Iowa.
Bowman: DOT should not waste money on new logo: Senate Transportation Chair says, “By wasting more than $100,0...
Iowa should get tougher on texting while driving: Polls show more than 80 percent of Iowans want tougher laws ...
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1079 - A study bill for an act relating to snowmobile registration and permit fees. 02/01/11 Sc...
Public meetings on Iowa Park & Ride plan: The Iowa Department of Transportation will hold public input meeting...
Bicycling bill in Senate this morning deferred, but Republican amendments fail.
New DART Transit Station in Downtown Des Moines Opens- Governments Working Together for Our Iowa Communities!
Autonomous vehicles. Got to ride with Dan McGehee last December in a Ford Explorer. Futuristic. #Jetsons!
Mark Wyatt with Iowa Bicycle Coalition talks at subcommittee on bike light bill (SF 241) at Capitol.
Senate now debating SF2289. Would toughen Iowa laws against texting and driving.  #ialegis
Fueled by gas tax, Iowa eyes largest transportation plan ever and quite a bit will be invested in District 95.
The next bill up for debate is HF 14 on vehicle weight limits. No Amendments. Rep. Moore is moving the bill. #ialegis
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1083 - A study bill for an act relating to matters under the purview of the department of trans...
2 deaths in Iowa spur call for focus on bike safety via @dmregister
We shall see - Branstad: Transportation funding will be priority in 2015 via @DMRegister
RT @desmoinesdaily: Texting and Driving Bill in Statehouse: Stricter laws against texting and driving may be on the way.
HF532 passdnHouse w/bipart support allowing law enforcement to teach drivers Ed in classrm Proud to have crafted this bill! #justmakesense
Newly Filed Bill SF 312 - A bill for an act concerning registration plates issued for business-trade trucks and spec...
RT @KeepitMadeinUSA: We need a vision that points toward substantial growth, @SecretaryFoxx says of infrastructure.
The Iowa House approved the Transportation bill this morning. The vote was 95-0. It goes back to the Senate for...
Newly Filed Bill SF 149 - A bill for an act allowing the department of transportation to accept reports from advance...
RT @NoLabelsOrg: The Highway Trust Fund will soon run out of money unless #Congress acts:
Veterans can get their “veteran” designation on their driver’s license or state identification card. The veteran...
Newly Filed Bill SF 208 - A bill for an act providing for the issuance and display of one motor vehicle registration...
IOWA SHOULD GET TOUGHER ON TEXTING WHILE DRIVING: Polls show more than 80 percent of Iowans want tougher laws ...
RT @NickAWagner: RT @joebwan: Revenue cameras raise $39k for DSM, $27k for Gatso: The Des Moines red-light camera racket announce... htt ...
Use the IA DOT Park & Ride website & interactive map to help you connect with car pools, van pools & public
RT @NoLabelsOrg: 34: the number of Band-Aid highway bills Congress has passed this decade. Demand better:
#SF391 Bowman: Makes texting while driving primary offense, i.e., reason to be pulled over. Passes 44-6#ialegis
Customer-friendly service for drivers: The Legislature has approved changes that will make getting your Iowa d...
If u want to know where ur gas tax is going take a look here.    5 yr IA DOT road construction plan
Bicyclists in Rearview Mirror May be Going Faster Than They Appear: Today one issue took up the majority of the ..
Peace be upon all, we are debating red light and speed cameras. What do you think?
RT @JoeBolkcom: Bike to Work & School Week is here! RIding bike in Bike/Bus/Car Race tomorrow. Bike needs to
w/Hoover HS students @DMschools to try out the @ATT text while driving simulator.  #itcanwait
I sponsored the Midwest Rail Pact Bill 3 years ago (a bipartisan effort with Rep. Jacobs) and now todays rail...
Bike trail rescue training!
TRAILS SUMMIT TO BE HELD JUNE 12 IN CEDAR FALLS: Registration is open for the Sixth Annual Iowa Trails Summit ...
Help plan Iowa’s transportation future
@shortandangry1 I support a helmet law for child passengers on motorcycles, but there is not enough support to advance the legislation.
Voted for HF510, allowing counties to contract for mental health transportation rather than require county sheriffs to provide transport.
House is debating the texting while driving bill- see link to listen
RT @SCJnateR: Rep. @HallForIowa prepares to make new push to get more stop arm cameras on school buses #ialeg
RT @idaveprice: 6pm: did story on IA senate passing texting and driving ban.  6:30pm: woman passed me on I-235 speeding, texting and drivin…
Here in Iowa, it’s the law that drivers move over and slow down for vehicles with flashing lights responding to...
New Iowa transportation map available
RT @iahouserepubs: Iowans can now renew their drivers licenses online at: service from the @iowadot
Just landed three more groups who will be registering in favor of fuel tax.  Support is growing, not shrinking.  #fundourroads
More experience makes for safer roads: While no law can prevent all accidents, tougher license requirements fo...
Debate begins on House floor for the gas tax bill after it passed in the @IowaSenate
Working on my weekly newsletter.  First meeting of the House Transportation Committee this afternoon.
Funding will tackle distracted driving in Iowa: The Iowa Senate started Distracted Driving Awareness Month on ...
RT @SimonRadio1776 BREAKING NEWS..... The City of Clive votes 3-2 AGAINST renewing traffic cam contract.
RT @DMRegister: The Des Moines metro has picked up another No. 1 ranking:
U.S. Congress is broken. Unable to do something as simple as fund our infrastructure. When did we stop being the best country in the world?
Enjoyed speaking to the DNH 4th grade.  Thanks to my daughter Indee for the invite and lunch
Road funding bill passes on bipartisan vote of 28-21.  #ialegis
Committee meetings today for Transportation and Public Safety
Twenty-four locations around the state now house Motor Vehicle self-service kiosks, where Iowans can renew or...
Texting bill deferred.  Senate adjourned until 9 AM Tuesday.  #ialegis
“Click It or Ticket” during your Memorial weekend travels: We can make Iowa roads safer this Memorial Day week...
Gov Branstad: “There is a clear need for additional money for infrastructure, for our roads and bridges” #ialegis
Newly Filed Bill SF 129 - A bill for an act prohibiting the use of automated traffic enforcement systems and requiri...
Promise kept... Final procedural step for Highway 20:
Why is distracted driving dangerous?: Distracted driving is a public health and safety issue. That’s what legi...
With inclement weather approaching, be mindful of the road conditions.
Interesting items from the Dept. of Motor Vehicle Enforcement in my Transportation Committee:- Most frequent...
RT @JasonEWhite: Iowa needs better road funding as 25 counties bonding for $160 mill in projects. @DMRegister @Joshu…
On a conference call with U.S. Secretary of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to discuss the Grow America...
RT @WilliamPetroski: Iowa DOT announces five-year, $3.2 billion statewide highway construction plan via @DMRegister
Road fundinging debate begin.  Watch here:  #ialegis
Gas in Bondurant $2.17
RT @IowaSenate: House ditches Senate effort to crack down on texting & driving: Recent polls show 83 percent of Iowans want to...
Full credit for new airport $s goes to Marion; glad to have helped process along w House Transpo Chair & DOT Dir.
Solution to Road Funding Voted Down:
CRACKING DOWN ON TEXTING WHILE DRIVING FOR SAFER ROADS: Recent polls show 83 percent of Iowans want tougher la...
RT @cbs2iowa: #CedarRapids highway project breaks ground today, could mean traffic delays for months.
More good news for the Des Moines area: New infrastructure grants for local projects I-JOBS Local Infrastructure..
Important information regarding CDL licenses: new federal law requires self-certification of the type of driving...
CURBING SCAMS AIMED AT OLDER IOWANS: Financial crimes against seniors and vulnerable adults are a growing conc...
Gas in Altoona $2.94
Reducing distractions for safer roads: Distracted driving is an increasing safety concern on our roads. Driver...
RT @SCJBretH: .@SenatorBertrand says he was, no, no, no, hell no on gas tax increase, then he saw necessity for help on Highway 20 in Sio…
Transportation – week of March 2, 2015: SSB 1041 – Making texting while driving a primary offense SSB 1069 – D...
HOW TO GET A “VETERAN” DESIGNATION ON YOUR DRIVER’S LICENSE: Veterans can get their “veteran” designation on t...
DOT Director at Hwy 100 groundbreaking ceremony in CR
50% of Iowans favor banning red light cameras. Do they make roads safer or are they a moneymaker?
Bike trail rescue training, stay safe bike trail peeps!
Listen to Senator Costello share why he wants to see changes in Iowa’s driving while barred laws #ialegis
A new study shows the chance of hitting a deer in Iowa is rising. The odds drivers will hit a deer in Iowa are…
Attended the East Central Iowa Regional DHS meeting to discuss elderly and disability transportation needs....
Washington D.C. is a courage free zone!  Congress has put off funding for HighwayTrust Fund 32 times! Elections are more important.
@ChuckGrassley I left you a hard hat in your office to support infrastructure week.  #rebuild renew #fixthetrustfund
RT @nytimes: A new driver who reaches for a cellphone increases the risk for a crash by more than 700 percent: study
Republican caucus has adjourned.  On the calendar for this after noon are budget bills for the DOT and Admin/Regs
RT @IowaBicycle: Check out this ride coming up August 22 in Cedar Falls.  Three routes. The ride benefits the Iowa Bicycle Coalition.
@SinclairforIowa On the texting bill?
Today I introduced a Bicyclist bill of Rights.  It requires motorists to respect bicyclists and provides protection for bicycles.
@iowadot road sign on I-235 this morning: Winter Driving Conditions Possible.  Thanks for the heads up.
Sen. Zaun proposed a bill to increase Interstate speed from 70 to 75 in Iowa.  What do you think? #PublicSafety  or #GetThereFaster
See where I stand on the automated traffic enforcement amendment.
This map shows the location of every traffic camera in the U.S.
Landowners can now harvest hay from highway rights of way with a DOT permit. #Iadot
Did Staci Appel just tie tax inversions to road funding?
@AJansa we should talk about having an innercity run and bike ride for healthy kids?
If you’re planning to be on the roads this Independence Day, please drive safely. For the latest on road...
With harvest season under way, please travel safely on all of Iowa’s roadways.
Paving a road to growth: The Legislature voted in a bipartisan way to increase funding to improve and maintain...
I am looking forward to the Senate gaveling at 2pm so we may vote on HF638, the Infrastructure bill and HF620, the Economic Development bill
RT @KWWL: CONDITION OF THE STATE: Branstad: 2015 devoted to better roads, Internet capability
TRAVEL SAFELY THIS 4TH OF JULY: If you’re planning to be on the roads this Independence Day, please drive safe...
Increase in transit riders is good for Iowa environment: According to a recent report by Environment Iowa, the ..
Branstad calling for a full review of traffic cameras ... somewhere @waltrogersforIA is smiling -- Mike Wiser (@WiserMike)
RT @FObrienpci: The Disruption Uber Has Brought To The Taxi Business Is Coming To Trucking via @forbes
Great column and overview of our trails system, the progress underway, and goals for the community in coming years.
Thoughts and prayers going out to the 3,000 DOT employees who work to make Iowa roads safe during snowy weather.
@annetteschulte story idea: how many parents use their kids as designated drivers these days. More on the line. But bad example. Discuss.
Highway 20 completion one step closer w/ Access Iowa Roads extended for 10 years. Proof in writing. #30milesleft
DART transit hub is a go
The Iowa DOT recently released its 2015-2016 Iowa Transportation Map. An electronic version of the map,...
Today a committee of legislators studies the use of ATVs on secondary roads in Iowa.
Very pleased with the approval of another 12 mile stretch of Hwy 20.  44-12=32 miles left.
Iowans contribute 95% of revenue to the Road Use Tax Fund and out-of-state drivers only 5%. Do we still need a gas tax?
Check out @scj article on Highway 20
Good discussion w/Engineer David Reichmuth about road/fuel taxes associated with hybrid &electrical vehicles, &charging stations incentives.
Operation Dry Water starts Today: Operating a boat under the influence of alcohol is illegal in Iowa, just lik...
RT @SSteckman: Nice job @Ruff4StateRep.cut costs 3/4 for bus inspections bill!
Voting on HF2016 - traffic cameras.
RECONSTRUCTION OF U.S. 63 IN WATERLOO TO BE DISCUSSED: The Iowa Department of Transportation will hold a publi...
USE CAUTION WHEN DRIVING IN WORK ZONES: The Iowa Department of Transportation (DOT) expects to do $700 million...
RT @StaedArt: FINALLY voting on 1st budget bill in the House- Transportation Budget.  HF 637 passed 93-2.  #FundOurFuture #ialegis
RT @SenatorRobHogg: Got 54.5 MPG on the drive back to Des Moines this morning - carpooling with @LizMathis1 - #LoveCarpooling - one way to …
Please see my latest Council Update via the link below. Topics include DART and the Bicycle Master Plan.
See which Iowa public transit agencies are offering free rides to veterans on Veterans Day at
Why should the DOT simply maintain roads when they could also be proving their dept. is worthy of existence annually? #ALEClogic
Byrnes Statesman goes to senator Jim Smith of Nebraska and his 29 colleagues for overriding a veto to fund Nebraska roads.  @Nebraskagov
Des Moines receives trail grants: The Iowa Transportation Commission recently approved funding for recreational..
Bridge will honor trooper killed in line of duty
Just passed ban on texting while driving bill, 64-31
A lot of debate in #ialegis about raising the gas tax to increase funding for roads and bridges. Where do you stand?
Federal stimulus and state RIIF could bring passenger rail to central Iowa.
Highway 20 has been debated around water coolers, coffee shops, and co-op cribbage boards for decades. That debate ends today.”
RT @wcfcourier: Major Cedar-Wapsi bridge in state of decay:
Back debating the traffic camera bill.
RT @NickAWagner: RT @joebwan: Des Moines revenue cameras raise $39k for DSM, $27k for Gatso:
Iowa highway lobby groups to Congress: Send money
FINALLY voting on 1st budget bill in the House- Transportation Budget.  HF 637 passed 93-2.  #FundOurFuture #ialegis
RT @cornpolitics: 2day IA Senate passed biofuels bill 48-0; House passed w amend yesterdy:BioD prod.credit ext, enhance e15incentive& biobu…
RT @gazettedotcom: Iowa DOT rules to tweak traffic camera use
Listening to Michael Wojeik doing a great job of selling the need for transportation funding. @rochesterminn
RT @KCCINews: Iowa DOT expands Highway Helper program, outsources
Use social media report potholes to Iowa DOT #IAFillUsIn - Transportation Matters for Iowa | Iowa DOT via @sharethis
Huh! I guess those of us who supported this did the right thing.  Iowa will be known for good infrastructure.
And both parties have gone to caucus - debate on the gas tax is on the agenda this a.m. #WhatDoYouThink #HowToFundOurRoads
GETTING TOUGHER ON TEXTING WHILE DRIVING: Texting while driving is dangerous. Between 2001 and 2013, more than...
@CNNPolitics As an advocate for infrastructure, ask a question on how we as a nation address a crumbling system @jaketapper
Congrats to the Eastern Iowa Airport, which is doing a ceremonial bond-burning today. They are debt-free!
Floor managed my first bill. Bill will make it an aggravated misdemeanor to install counterfeit airbags in vehicles. Passed unanimously.
The Iowa Senate started Distracted Driving Awareness Month on April 1 by setting aside $200,000 to educate Iowans...
RT @iahouserepubs: @PatGrassley speaks with reporters after House passed HR 101 supporting the RFS. cc:@ProtectTheRFS  #ialegis
RT @iahousedemocrat: Tweet @iowadot and Facebook to report potholes with #IAFillUsIn
We need to more for transit in the State, including rural public transit and helping low income get to work, school, and around town
Debated one bill this morning SF 374, new restrictions on resale vehicle operating records
RT @TimAlbrechtIA: Wait. If Iowa takes down all its traffic cams how will those out-of-state vendors afford their Malibu beach houses?
FUNDING WILL TACKLE DISTRACTED DRIVING IN IOWA: The Iowa Senate started Distracted Driving Awareness Month on ...
RT @desmoinesdaily: Iowa Becoming Top Cycling Destination: DES MOINES, Iowa–Thousands of riders will hit the road on Sunday for the...
RT @NoLabelsOrg: With time running out, bipartisan cooperation on a long-term highway bill is imperative:
The Iowa Department of Transportation (DOT) expects to do $700 million in road work this year, and cities and...
April is National Distracted Driving Awareness Month. Driving requires three types of attention: visual, manual...
$2.93 gallon of gas Altoona
RT @ppi: 2 generations of fed underinvestment in public #infrastructure has left it in disrepair, deterred private investment& limited econ…
RT @MarionIaPolice: Child Safety Seat Check/Install event (certified techs) Sat-Oct 25.2015 for 10:00-am/1:00-pm @ Marion Fire Station#2 ht…
Good news for our area: Stimulus dollars for local highway projectA Polk County highway infrastructure project wor...
Texting while driving is dangerous. Between 2001 and 2013, more than 8,600 Iowa crashes were caused by drivers...
Iowa #5 for road kill in the USA! True dat for this Hwy-20/I-35 regular driver :)
RT @ACrutcherKWWL: Police say HWY 58 and Viking Rd sees roughly 80,000 cars a day. Greenhill & 58 intersection sees about 70,000 cars a day…
RT @charlotte_eby: House GOP: Dems bonding plan spends $1.4 billion over 20 years to borrow $650 for infrastructure projects.
House tanks fuel pump updates to help Iowans with disabilities: Iowans rely on their vehicles to get to work, ...
GAS STATION UPDATES HELP IOWANS MAINTAIN INDEPENDENCE: As a state, we want all Iowans on the move. We all need...
Travel safely this 4th of July: If you’re planning to be on the roads this Independence Day, please drive safe...
BE ATTENTIVE TO ROADSIDE EMERGENCIES: Here in Iowa, it’s the law that drivers move over and slow down for vehi...
RT @desmoinesdem: Similar tragedy cd happen in #WindsorHeights #Iowa. No sidewalks on several streets near Colby Park or Cowles school. htt…
Transportation – week of March 23, 2015: SF 397 – Department of Transportation omnibus HF 287 – Counterfeit, n...
Should we ban or not ban red light and speed cameras?
RT @bikeiowa: Cedar Valley Trails Festival celebrates the best Trails in the State! June 12-15 Cedar Falls
Newly Filed Bill HSB 239 - An Act providing an exemption from the fee for new vehicle registration for motor vehicle...
Attending Transportation Day at the Statehouse today - hwy 20 is front and center.
Ban on traffic cameras back for consideration in the Iowa House
I have only given out two other Byrnes Statesman Awards and today Kraig Paulsen earned one for his leadership on infrastructure.
Disappointing RT @okayhenderson Iowa House will NOT debate bill to ban red light/speed cameras in Iowa. Issue dies for the year.
RT @DonnelleE: Iowa elevators prepare for shipping woes, adding storage, moving more of expected record crop by truck. via @cdoering
This is a big day in our community! At 10am is the official announcement for rail connection from here to Chicago....
Had a great conversation on @IowaPublicRadio River to River today with Senator McCoy.  Talked about the need for transportation funding.
Great rundown on the Eastern Iowa Airport today from Airport Commission President Josh Schamberger.
Rep.Holt: use sales tax $, cut spending and find efficiencies to pay for roads and bridges. #ialegis
Very large crowd at the Statehouse for the Transportation Comm.  Subcommittee on HSB514, fuel tax increase.
On WHO radio, Mickelson show in the morning, 10AM, talking about traffic cameras.
Use caution when driving in work zones: The Iowa Department of Transportation (DOT) expects to do $700 million...
David Reichmuth: fuel cost compared 2 electric vehicle. What policies can IA adopt to encourage EV usage? #ncel2015
Meeting w/DOT Director in Hiawatha. Update on projects and discussion on how to repair roads and bridges. $$
Changes coming in January to make teen drivers safer: Motor vehicle crashes kill more teens than anything else...
Did you know #veterans can get a “veteran” designation on their license or state identification card? Learn more:
#SF391 Bowman: Texting while driving is dangerous  If becomes law, Iowans would risk arrest for texting while driving. #ialegis
Senator Rick Bertrand shows real leadership regarding highway 20 expansion in Iowa Senate:
@SpeakerBoehner I challenge you to earn your Byrnes Statesman award and allow a vote on properly funding our infrastructure.
Help your teen drive safely this winter: Winter driving can be daunting for young drivers facing slick, snowy ...
Your tax money hard at work.  Not sure how building trails will create long term employment.
The Iowa Department of Transportation will hold a public information meeting Tuesday, Aug. 19, to discuss the...
Already been looking at a fix to unfair street assessments. RT @DMRegister: Couple stuck w/$13k for road impvs:
DOT Commissioner Amy Reasner addresses crowd about long journey to get to this day #hwy100
SHARE THE ROAD WITH FARM EQUIPMENT: As the spring planting season begins, we need to watch out for slow-moving...
RT @joanjaimes: @LatinoXLife @GEARUP_Iowa @icirr #DREAMersNeedWheels @GammaPrez2000 @dream_coalition @AILANational @akoabdulsamad ...
What better way to bring in @RAGBRAI_IOWA 2015 than by passing a door zone protection and a right-hand turn signal bill? #IALegis #RAGBRAI
Traffic camera ban clears House committee; full House will vote on it next.
Keeping Iowans safe on our roads
As the spring planting season begins, we need to watch out for slow-moving equipment on Iowa’s roadways. Iowa...
Representative Moore and I did an ATV ride through Howard County today.  Great event that sheds light on the need for ATV legislation.
RT @BusinessRecord: Most U.S. metros, including Des Moines, expecting growth
Trains, planes and automobiles!  The Department of Transportation held a legislative reception this morning and...
Ways & Means – week of Feb. 23, 2015: SF 257 – Increasing state funding for roads and bridges HF 166 – Propert...
