Great event today listening to Robert Putnam #OurKids
The annual Empty Bowls fundraiser for the Northeast Iowa Food Bank is being held Thursday, May 14 at 5:30 p.m. at...
16 million kids in poverty, what are our priorities?? Poor Kids | FRONTLINE | PBS via @frontlinepbs
Repairing the holes in Iowa’s safety net for troubled children: Sodders: “I believe that every serious legisla...
Come help out the Food Bank.....at Hy-Vee West, East,  and Fareway until 2pm. Accepting food or $$$
Call and make a donation to fill the plate to help feed our elderly population. 319-626-9300. Match my $100 donation.  Watch on 9.3
RT @VGMGroupInc: Inaugural @AccessDayUSA Empowers Vibrant Nine-year-old: #Mobility #Wheelchair #Accesibility
Fostering charitable giving in Iowa communities: Iowa Community Foundations are nonprofit organizations that p...
Through December 21, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is seeking nominations for the 2016 Iowa Volunteer...
Impossible for kids nowadays to Pull themselves up by their bootstraps #OurKids
Polls show that most Americans want to expand Social Security #workingfamilies summit in Ames
Through December 21, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is seeking nominations for the 2016 Iowa Volunteer…
Social security totally solvent until 2033...75% solvent until 2088...Bruce Braley
EMPLOYER SURVEY SEEKS TO BOOST VOLUNTEERISM: Employer supported volunteering leads to improved employee engage...
Gov. Branstad takes credit for Iowa Food Bank bill he vetoed, grudgingly accepted, then zeroed out in 2014...
EMPTY BOWLS EVENT FOR NORTHEAST IOWA FOOD BANK: The annual Empty Bowls fundraiser for the Northeast Iowa Food ...
RT @anastasiakeeley: Why Is No One Talking About the GOP Plan to Send Millions of Disabled Americans Into Poverty? h…
Rockwell Halloween display benefits food bank:  via @globegazette
Local projects boost quality of life
I was invited by Cory Berkenes, Director of Iowa Food Banks, to attend a ceremony at the Iowa State Fair this...
@mrdallasjmoore Peace be upon you, we could use the soups at Creative Visions. We feed over 200 people each Sunday. Thank you. P+J=Love.
The majority of poor kids are WHITE. ...#OURKIDS
Peace be upon all, I have no understanding I am distraught. We were doing the Sunday Feeding program at Creative...
After two years, family was earning enough that no longer qualified for EITC.  Helping Iowans out of poverty.  #ialegis #iagov
I enjoyed my meeting last week with United Way representatives and learned a lot about their projects.
Stories of separation of societies. .more than 2/3 of lower income families are single parent
Wed @ 2:30 in Capitol Rotunda, Iowa Food Bank Assoc will deliver personal stories from some of the 408k hungry Iowans to #ialegis leaders.
thanks to Iowa Valley Leadership and ISU extension for poverty simulation event today
.@LaborSec :1 of biggest, most avoidable pathways to poverty, is on-the-job injury.ALEC working 2 make it harder 2 get benefit #StatesLead
Herbert Hoover Uncommon Public Service Award! @stevesodders
RT @HACAP_: @RizerForHouse Thanks for showing your support at our Volunteer Appreciation Luncheon! #VolunteerAppreciationWeek
RT @DWagnerKWWL: I raced around a grocery store shopping for food for the Fayette Co. Food Shelf. $980 - All paid for by Farm Bureau!
Sen. Bill Anderson honored with Friend of Community Action Award:
Growing Iowa’s middle class, reducing inequality: During the holidays, Iowans give back and help those in need...
RT @ProgressIowa: Wealth does not trickle down from the rich to the poor. Period. #UniteBlue #p2 #1u #ialegis
Governor’s plan may endanger vulnerable Iowans: n January, Governor Branstad surprised Iowans by proposing to ...
The Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service this year approved state-funded RSVP Grants that support senior...
There should be no such thing as hunger in Iowa.
@KentSorenson Thanks Kent for your support as we continue to protect our Second Amendment rights.
Nominate professional staff & volunteers of your favorite nonprofit for the 2015 Iowa Nonprofit
Seeking nominations for 2013 Iowa Nonprofit Awards: Through September 6, Iowans may submit nominations for the...
RT @ErikaUthe: @LizMathis1 Thank you for your passion and advocacy for ending hunger. #hungerawareness
Grants provide legal assistance to low-income Iowans: Through March 5, applications are being accepted for gra...
The Iowa Veterans Home (IVH), opened in 1887, is one of the nation’s largest state-owned facilities for veterans and their spouses. #ialegis
Danielson: Explains why he moved from a “hard no” to “a compassionate yes”  This narrowly bill will help families in my district #ialegis
HELP FOR IOWANS IN TIME OF NEED: A core Iowa value is taking care of those who can’t take care of themselves. ...
Give Back Iowa Challenge encourages employer-supported volunteering: Give Back Iowa is a six-week challenge ru...
RT @aarpia: Thank you also to @SenatorRobHogg for your leadership in protecting older Iowans from financial exploitation.
Interested in local food systems?Iowa State University Extension will have specialists on hand to discuss local...
Very disappointed in @TerryBranstad vetoes tonight - remind me of 2012 veto of food bank funding #BadBranstadVetoes #IALeg #IAGov
Iowa Community Foundations are nonprofit organizations that provide grants to meet local needs, build...
Peace be upon all, thanks to all the staff, volunteers, DMPD and the people who came out to eat. It was the UN of...
GOP Gov “lobbied hard to cover working poor, veterans and the mentally ill.” (In *OHIO*) #ialegis  #iagov
Learned about another Federal Agency today that is out of control- The regs on nursing homes is crazy.  Lots of unintended consequences.
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world - Norman Borlaug. #worldfoodprize
Molly Flanagan: The demand for cheap food in America drives the way we raise food in America. We need some food policy changes.
RT @alison_gowans: 611,574 free summer lunches were served in IA in 2013 — about 56,000 more than 2012. Still only meeting 10% of need: htt…
Help for Iowans in time of need: A core Iowa value is taking care of those who can’t take care of themselves. ...
Did you know that for every dollar nonprofits invest in effective volunteer engagement they can expect up to $6...
Wednesday at 2:30 pm in the Capitol Rotunda, @IowaFBA will deliver personal stories from some of the 408k hungry Iowans to #ialegis leaders.
Iowa Nutrient Research Center was established in 2013 to meet the needs for continued monitoring, research, and...
RT@McKinleyforIowa:Senate Beats House in Food Bank of IA challenge!McKinley/Gronstal defeats (pic cart)
.@SenSanders :Republican budget just cut nutrition programs for lower income Americans. It gave huge tax cuts to mega-rich. #iacaucus
RT @ACrutcherKWWL: Summer meal service by @WaterlooSchools begins today, find serving locations here:
Poor kids are alone and isolated  ..sad commentary on American society #OurKids
Protecting vulnerable Iowans
RT @DMRegister: DMARC food pantry network cuts food allowance per family starting in August.
Sodders: GOP lawmakers helped Gov illegally end essential services to desperate families. –MTR
But ok to gut st.funds to Iowa Food Banks, + 0% allowable growth for our schools?Gov. defends $240 million in incentiv…
The Iowa Food Banks Association held an anti-hunger legislative breakfast in the rotunda to continue bringing...
How could a drop in unemployment give rise to child poverty?  Blame an increase in low-wage jobs...
Randy Wallace is the 2014 recipient of the Culver Award for Public Service. Thank you Randy for all your hard work!
Starting at noon today... come out and support our local Humane Society, they do a great job in North Iowa!
Too much joking around,  we need more food to sort at HACAP! With Norm Sterzenbach
On Thanksgiving, some are still hungry in America. Help if you can.
RT @BlogforIowa: All Politics Is Local And So Is Hunger
Bernie Sanders: COLA for Social Security based more on costs of prescription drugs, less on costs of flat screen televisions
Peace be upon all, it was a blessing when Alfre Woodard made a unschedule stop at Creative Visions feeding...
Empowering, protecting Iowa Seniors: Senator Rob Hogg: (319) 538-2247 Representative Lisa Heddens: (515)292-17...
Earned Income Tax Credit is one of the most successful anti-poverty ideas of the modern era.
RT @PJochum: Kyle Stumpf & family came to capitol for @IDAction Day to advocate for legislation to help Iowans with disabilities.
Organizations can apply for AmeriCorps funding: Through September 8, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service ...
Veterans Stand Down helps Veterans stand UP, by connecting homeless or near-homeless Veterans and non-Veterans to...
RT @KWWL: Four Oaks TotalChild, helping at-risk families, needs $6 million - KWWL
Student poverty increases classroom needs: The number of Iowa kids growing up in poverty is at a 50-year high,...
The Iowa Kids Count report on trends of well-being of our Iowa kids...check out page 2; child poverty up 48.8%...
The winter home heating moratorium on service disconnections ends April 1. If you are having difficulty paying...
RT @IowaSenate: SF 2168 passes, improves power of attorney for seniors, easier to use. Top AARP priority.On to Governor. #ialegis
Average childcare credit SF 2337 will increase from $250 to $380 per family and helped additional 40,000 families. #ialegis
RT @VolunteerIowa: It is filling up here for the Iowa Hall of Fame. Thanks for your support of volunteerism in Iowa. Pic:
Peace be upon all, going to be at the cook out at Creative Visions today starting at 5 if you want to help you...
RT @jeffgiertz: Ernst calls for transitioning to Social Security privatization. #iasen
Peace be upon all, a blessed day to all. Let us reach out to those who have less and have just need some one to care.
Recognizing Iowa’s top volunteers: Do you know someone who deserves a place in Iowa’s Volunteer Hall of Fame? ...
“@Pontifex: No elderly person should be like an “exile” in our families. The elderly are a treasure for our society.” Pope nails it again!
This is unacceptable....Shutdown shuts off food for thousands of women, infants and children | TheGazette
RT @kailanikm: You are never going to get programs that cure poverty out of the federal government, Marco Rubio says in Nashua.
Today, the Iowa Supreme Court failed the process and the people of Iowa. Iowans deserve better.
Welfare to Work. A Four Oaks program helps reduce obstacles to success. PATHs part of the TotalChild approach. Wow.
Dr. @SamTsemberis , speaking at IA Housing Conference, Is homelessness a State or a Trait? Last yr in IA 8,162 lived in emerg shelters.
Iowa ranks 2nd in America for volunteering: Did you know that Iowa has the second-highest volunteer rate of any st...
HEATING MORATORIUM ENDS: The winter home heating moratorium on service disconnections ends April 1. If you are...
Rep. Gaines:  1 in every 5 Iowa kids live in a home at poverty level.  6% aid would allow lower-achieving students to catch up.
My mail carrier showed up with a truck load of donated food for the food banks.  Thank you Kathy Wench!
Except  for only two questions on education and nothing on childhood poverty this is an interesting quiz, might...
RT @BarackObama: Today is the 80th birthday of #SocialSecurity—a lifeline to millions of Americans.
RT @tammywawro: Thank you @SSteckman for standing up for Iowa kids. We must get more friends of education there to support you #povertymatt…
GRANT PROVIDES VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES FOR WATERLOO SENIORS: The Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service this yea...
Johnson County may rent small piece of Poor Farm to nonprofit | TheGazette
@pittjp: .@SenSherrodBrown in Mason Citydiscussing how @BruceBraley is working to protect Social Security. #iasen
Volunteers needed to deliver Back packs with food for the weekends to Mason City schools.....
Presenting yesterday to business and non-profit leaders on the question of “Why Leadership?”
Failing to invest in the poor kids now will cost all of us $5 trillion  #OurKids. ..
Phone assistance for low-income Iowans: Telephone service is vital in emergencies and essential for staying co...
Phone discount helps low-income Iowans stay connected: “Lifeline” is a federal government program that helps I...
Today only 9% of kids born in poverty today have a chance of getting out. ..
Rep.@bkressig and I had a good conversation with Cheryl Erb & the Iowa Food Bank Association regarding food security.
Living paycheck to paycheck.  Learned about ETIC, able to sleep knowing kids would be OK while parents got started.  #ialegis #iagov
What better initiatives? Volunteering and helping others. ...way to go! Great example for all of us:-)
It is National Assisted Living Week.  It is important to take time to thanks those who care for our loved ones!
The 8th Annual Volunteer Awards will be given to outstanding Iowans today.  Have you given of your time lately?
Speaking: young mom who got the EITC as married, working teacher, living below poverty line, w/ kids and medical bills.  #ialegis #iagov
Newly Filed Bill SF 104 - A bill for an act relating to verification of social security numbers for public programs ...
GIVE BACK IOWA CHALLENGE ENCOURAGES EMPLOYER-SUPPORTED VOLUNTEERING: Give Back Iowa is a six-week challenge ru...
Cesar, @SenSanders National Latino Outreach Director:No person working full time should live in poverty #iacaucus
Aaron Buzza receiving the Governors volunteer award.
Protecting Iowa’s seniors
Pres. Jochum: Protecting the social safety net all Iowans count on: April 30, 2015 Statement by Senate Preside...
Bolkcom: Iowa in crisis when it comes to children in poverty (20%)!  Affects education and future economic growth.   #ialegis #iagov
There should be no such thing as hunger in a place called Iowa.
RT @QualityCare14: Allowing seniors to live in their home has benefits and saves the state money, - @bkressig on the importance of #Medic…
Letter Carrier Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive @HACAP w/Hawkeye Labor @IowaAFLCIO @UWECI @ArtStaed & #NormtheElder
Congrats! @Senator_Sodders #herberthooveruncommonserviceaward
RT @DavidHeitz: The People Caring for Your Parents Live in Poverty via @healthline
Through December 1, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is accepting nominations for the 2015 Iowa Volunteer...
Celebrating 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act at the Kernels ballpark. Thanks Senator Harkin.
RT @AnnahBackstrom: President Obama just mentioned Neico Greene, a homeless youth on the hoops team. Learn more about his story:
Glad to see IA has lowest US poverty rate, adjusted for cost o living. Need more jobs/lower taxes/better schools to help all live better.
RT @DMRegister: Register editorial: We haven’t solved the puzzle of feeding hungry Iowans, but we must
VOLUNTEER HALL OF FAME NOMINATIONS: Through December 1, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is accepting ...
Peace be upon all, we need to thank all those who work and support our youth. The future is in the hands of the...
H1355 adds funding 4 much-needed nursing home ombudspersons (only have 8 now to handle 150+ cases just since Oct) Protect IA most vulnerable
Volunteer Hall of Fame nominations: Through December 1, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is accepting ...
Through October 15, Iowans are invited to nominate the professional staff and volunteers who help make Iowa…
House Republicans should have set an appropriate SSA this year and a SSA number for the next year as the @TerryBranstad requested.
Peace be upon all, Look forward to seeing all this Sunday. 100,000 meals served. It is a blessing, thank to all...
RT @CFfirefighters: At @CedarFallsHyVee Shopping for a couple families in need for a Thanksgiving meal.  #Thanksgiving
Best of luck to the Food Bank of Siouxland and their Empty Bowls dinner and silent auction tonight @IowaFBA
Uncommon Service award goes to my buddy Senator Steve Sodders!
Great to help with Christmas adopt a Vet at Veterans Home, thanks to Tama house party fundraiser. Web talked jobs and education.
RT @charlotte_eby: RT @gazetteonline City of Palo seeking volunteers to sandbag. Report to City Maintenance building.
Our prayers go out to Maryland Guardsmen, law enforcement, & citizens of Baltimore. Let peace be restored without injury or loss of life.
RT @not_germane: Congratulations to Representative David Heaton on receiving the Herbert Hoover Uncommon Public Service Award! ...
RT @KimReem: @millermeeks: We want all children to fulfill their potential, we want all children to get out of poverty. #iptvdebate #ia02
Helping low-income Iowans stay warm this winter: This winter has been an extremely cold one for Iowa. While ma...
Seeking nominations for 2012 Iowa Nonprofit Awards
At Iowa Girls State and one of the pieces of legislation they passed was for welfare recipients to pass a drug test!People started clapping!
@tylerolson: @janet4iowa Gov..if want IA to be healthiest st?start w/food for Will Gov veto like $5K IA fd bks?
SF 2168 passes, improves power of attorney for seniors, easier to use. Top AARP priority.On to Governor. #ialegis
@WorldFoodPrize talking about involvement of women around the world to help solve food insecurity. 5 young IA women involved in discussion
Helping hungry Iowans just got harder: As Iowans work to ensure those in need don’t fall through the cracks, w...
RT @JeffDanielson: NEED HELP WITH YOUR HEATING BILL?: As the weather turns colder, low-income Iowa homeowners and renters can get...
Hunters can feed the hungry: Iowa hunters can help feed the hungry thanks to Iowa’s popular deer donation prog...
The National Council of State Legislators (NCSL) hosted a webinar: States and the Food Safety Modernization Act...
Through September 8, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service is accepting applications for AmeriCorps State...
Iowa plays a vital role in the U.S. We produce one-eleventh of the nation’s food supply, according to the
RT @IowaSenate: Cutting Social Security is a bad idea: In Iowa, we’ve worked together to ensure those who rely on Social Secur...
RT @BlogforIowa: Grassley on Social Security – Not Good.
Peace be upon all, I am at the feeding program at Creative Visions. The people who eat here are great and the...
ORGANIZATIONS CAN APPLY FOR AMERICORPS FUNDING: Through September 8, the Iowa Commission on Volunteer Service ...
FOSTERING CHARITABLE GIVING IN IOWA COMMUNITIES: Iowa Community Foundations are nonprofit organizations that p...
This should be our focus this election,help these kids pull themselves out of poverty...22% ??? We should be ashamed!
Submitted bill dealing with sexual assault on female Military vets, Tues 10am at Cap, Bob Krause will be speaking on legislation.
Helping Iowans with disabilities live independently: The U.S. Congress passed a bill in December called the Ac...
I had a good conversation with the Iowa Food Bank Association regarding food security.
If you truly believe you can work full time and raise a family on $15,000 a year, try it. #SOTU
RT @chrisearl9: For 10. Major contribution to NE Iowa Food Bank in Waterloo by CN Railroad. Inside levels of food insecurity in Iowa. #KC…
Great news from House.  $1 mill for emergency food banks passed 94-0.  Rep Staed and I have worked hard on hunger issues.
A model of civic & volunteer engagement: One of the best parts of being a state legislator is encouraging more...
Cory Berkenes, State Director of the Iowa Food Bank Association, and other Food Bank advocates delivered...
Joe Henry, League of United Latin American Citizens: 23% are minority students, 1/3 in poverty. 1.25% is disastrous to our schools.
Discussion group at @WorldFoodPrize youth institute. So impressed. Love to see many young girls and boys engaged
Congratulations to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Northeast Iowa and to Ashley Craft of Green Iowa AmeriCorps in...
Need to engage parents to stop poverty & achievement gap from growing!
More help for vulnerable Iowans: The recently completed 2015 session required compromise on important efforts to…
RT @CathyEKoehler: 1 in 5 children receive food stamps — more than before the recession, via @EdVotes  #LREAProud
Cutting Social Security is a bad idea: In Iowa, we’ve worked together to ensure those who rely on Social Secur...
Senate Majority Leader Gronstal delivers pajamas to shelter
Senate Democrats Thursday news conference: Protecting Iowa Seniors.  Release at #ialeigs
Poor families working 2 jobs...no time to eat together
Senate debate is starting today with SF 301, a bill relating to Iowa veterans homes.
