Changes to older buildings result in savings via @dmregister
1/2. When did voters empower the media to influence their votes through negative journalism?
@TiffTalks Now it is time to have some real conversations. With the children and your community. Share the feelings and define solutions.
Developers prepare to break new ground at Jordan Creek via @dmregister
Ways & Means – week of April 20, 2015: SF 423 - Salvage vehicle registration fees HF 615 – Rural Improvement Z...
RT @alongcor67: Four Oaks’ TotalChild program raises nearly $4 million since May | TheGazette -
Veterans Home provides top-notch care
RT @GazetteInsights: Guest column: Iowa’s first-time homebuyers savings account is the right approach
Investing in our Main Street communities provides great returns: Iowa’s main streets are the heart of our smal...
“The app of retired Brig. Gen. Jodi Tymeson as Chief Operating Officer is pos first step toward restoring confidence at the Iowa Vets Home
Speaking at Iowa Veterans Home today
On Vets Home cover-up, Gov. Branstad has given Iowans what whistleblower Lisa Purvis got:“Exactly nothing.” #ialegis
Grant awarded to Des Moines for improvement project
RT @chrisearl9: At 10: Four Oaks leaders announce $3.8M of $6M goal of Total Child Campaign. Half goes to help kids, half to improve nearby…
Peace be upon all, people are doing great things in the community. This is just a couple of programs addressing...
Now taking up the one page RFP, due in a week, for a review of Iowa Vets Home projects worth $25-$26 million   #ialegis
Demand for houses, apartments rebounds around Jordan Creek via @dmregister
GOOD HOUSING FOR WORKING IOWANS: Iowans deserve housing that is affordable, safe and high quality. House File ...
Iowa Veterans Home whistleblower letter and audio interview released. #ialegis #iagov
Enjoyed speaking this AM to the Metro Advisory Council w/several local officials. Discussed issues important to cities and local finance.
DM-WDM Metro named 4th best real estate market to watch in 2012. 2d straight year on the list. Only 1 of 2 to repeat.
I take great pleasure in serving my constituents and our rural communities at the Statehouse.”  - @DanZumbach
Mathis on home heating help to low income Iowans: Senator Liz Mathis’ prepared remarks on home heating help to...
#everydayIowans Like folks who know that inadequate state funding of small rural schools will lead to closure and the death of their town.
Good housing for working Iowans: Iowans deserve housing that is affordable, safe and high quality. House File ...
RT @KCCINews: Investigation ongoing at Iowa Veterans Home
Allowing homebuyers to get radon testing: The Iowa Senate has approved consumer protection legislation ensurin...
Cut the risk of a home fire this winter: As fall moves into winter, the risk of home fires increases with more...
Through February 27, communities with populations of up to 5,000 can apply for grants to help deconstruct or...
RT @Senator_Sodders: Half the kids that were taken from IJH are now in inappropriate placements...the Gov said No one is perfect in respo…
Ensuring good housing for our veterans: Three bills approved by the Legislature during the 2014 session will h...
We just passed a bill that allows for First-Time Homebuyer Savings Accounts, which will help young people save for their first down payment.
No one person can serve the community alone. We must come together and work hand in hand. We must become our...
Oversight Hearing: Why did Branstad Admin delay and abandon quality of life improvements for vets?: Senate Ove...
We start begin debate with @FriendsforZach introducing #HF166, expansion of the homestead credit for disabled Vets!
Swung by Vets Memorial Building to bid on some items in silent auction to raise money for homeless vets.
RT @FreakyFreshMktg: Exciting to see all the fantastic projects underway in Des Moines! We love this city. @Downtown50309 #DSM
SF 413 McCoy: Common sense: When homebuyer pays for radon test, seller can’t refuse to reveal results. #ialegs
Ako Abdul-Samad helped pass: • Prohibit home foreclosures on military reserve members while on active duty •...
In 2008, Iowa Leg passed $100M in improvements at Iowa Veterans Home, backed by all IA vets groups.
2012 HousingIowa Awards
Senator Reynolds fighting for rural IA and against lack of sunshine on closing of extension offices  #iacot
1st witness takes oath; Mark Higgins, Exec. Vice President of Schemmer &Associates, firm that oversaw start of the IVH project #ialegis
Newly Filed Bill HSB 211 - An Act restricting the ability of cities and counties to adopt or enforce certain ordinan...
Good housing for veterans: One of the best ways we can welcome veterans to our state is by ensuring they can a...
Good article in Register on suburban revitalization. References Valley Junction & Grand. 22nd Street another example.
Polk County to expand affordable housing: The Affordable Housing Grant Program, part of the state’s I-JOBS init..
Interesting #s re apartment, office & retail vacancy rates. WDM rates better than last year; JCTC doing very well.
RT @joebwan: With the failure of CoOportunity, it appears ACA-compliant SHOP plan choices have narrowed for Des Moines businesses.
RT @JenniferJJacobs: 60+ people turned out for Chris Christie at Republican Governors Assoc fundraiser at rural home outside Des Moines. Ti…
RISE GRANT APPROVED FOR HUDSON: Up to $551,600 from the city share of the RISE Fund was approved for a Local D...
Emergency heating funds will help struggling families: The Senate Appropriations Committee this week approved ...
@RhondaGreenway @IAInternational Peace be upon you, Rhonda it the work that you and do that make this a better place to live. Peace
Newly Filed Bill SF 497 - A bill for an act relating to residential property by establishing a home inspector regist...
Whistleblower documents related to Iowa Veterans Home Scandal Released: During the April 22, 2014 meeting of t...
Petersen: Why so many at Iowa Veterans Home put on blacklist since 2011?  Minnehan: I’ll look into it.  #ialegis
Iowans deserve housing that is affordable, safe and high quality. House File 2448 seeks to increase good housing...
Executive Director of the Iowa Community Action Association, Lana Ross, and Representative Sally Stutsman, spoke...
RT @Richard_Florida: The coming death of the shopping mall -  ... And the rebirth of the downtown shopping district ...
RT @NerdWalletData: Waverly, @GrowGrimesIowa and @CityofWaukee scored the top 3 places for young families in #Iowa. See the rest at
RT @aarpia: 4 Iowa cities made Best Cities for Successful Aging in 2014 with Iowa City coming in No.1 Best Small City #2014 #iowa
Petersen making opening statement at Oversight Meeting on Iowa Veterans Home issues: #ialegis
HELPING IOWANS WITH DISABILITIES LIVE INDEPENDENTLY: The U.S. Congress passed a bill in December called the Ac...
Live link at 10:30 AM today toOversight Hearing on delayed, abandoned help for Iowa vets: #ialegis #iagov
RT @DMCityHall: Creation of urban renewal, tax increment finance district for Southridge area approved by Des Moines City Council.
RT @WilliamPetroski: Audit: Iowa Vets Home cost: $132,200 per resident via @DMRegister
Video of Adam Mason, Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement      #healthieststate #ialegis
Items of interest: Housing assistance for Iowans in need As part of the federal stimulus package, Iowa received..
Iowa One Call reminds residents to call before digging: As Iowans prepare for summer projects that may involve...
James Connelly, Living Product Challenge Dir w/LivingFuturesInstitute talking green building at #ncel2015
WE WANT VETERANS TO MAKE IOWA THEIR HOME: In 2007, the Iowa Senate established a Veterans Affairs Committee, w...
A free September 15 workshop in Grinnell will help Iowa communities identify resources to redevelop and revitalize…
Schoenjahn: After reports of 20 people sharing one bathroom, it was time for a new facility. #ialegis
McCoy: Architect fired, new one-page RFP issued, new firm (OPN) working without contact, out of compliance with feds?  IVH CFO Wright: Yes.
Equipping our Children for the Future • Summer youth corps will put 1,400 young Iowans to work helping their local...
RT @Farrell_Diana: @Richard_Florida Check out our new report on local gov, including how cities can use open data for urban planning
RT @KWWL: Regional housing market showing stability, slow growth -
RT @NAIOptimum: Check out our latest drone flyover to see the progress @CityofWaukee is making with the Kettlestone development!
Come to Habitat for Humanity Rally Tomorrow from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. Come out and support this great cause!...
Of $100M state/fed updates to Iowa Vets Home, only phase 1 completed. Fed 65% share of remaining $60M in costs no longer available. #ialegis
Cedar Falls, a work in progress.
RT @sixersoldman: ConLoebsack and SenAllen supporting small town EconDev in Baxter @ new Gigabyte center. @ChazAllen2013 @daveloebsack
Come to Hatch Development Group Tomorrow from 11:30 am to 12:30 pm. Groundbreaking for the MLK Brickstone Apartments
Vets home scandal: What did Gov Branstad know, when did he know it, and WHY didn’t he do anything about it? #ialegis #iagov
Peace be upon all, as I sit here n my mothers hospital room, a tear runs down my cheek. I am wondering who will help make r communities safe
Up to $551,600 from the city share of the RISE Fund was approved for a Local Development grant to assist in...
New site helps Iowans find housing: A new website, provides Iowa rental information...
Kaye & Jamar doing a great job leading the Community Foundation of NE Iowa boldly into the future! Cedar Valley...
Good Human Services Appropriations Sub-Committee today. Heard budget priorities from VA & Veterans Home Director/Commandant.
Come to Habitat for Humanity House Dedications Saturday, April 17 from 9:30 am to 11:30 am. Come see the great...
Debating HF641 Broadband Bill.
Historic preservation revitalizes communities: Historic Preservation Tax Credits are an important economic dev...
Quality care at the Iowa Veterans Home: The Iowa Veterans Home in Marshalltown, which opened in 1887, is the l...
RT @BroadbandIowa: By providing broadband to #publicsafety, there is a direct economic benefit by creating safer communities. #BroadbandMat…
RT @growjohnston: Kum & Go reconstruction plan approved by Johnston P & Z.  Thanks to  @kumandgo for investing in Johnston!
Ways & Means – week of April 27, 2015: HF 615 – Rural Improvement Zones HF 622 – Vehicle rental fees HF 626 – ...
RT @ricksmith2825: @iowasenate #ialegis Sen Schoenjahn makes the point that Veterans have been short changed, Sen McCoy is calling this fia…
Tomorrow is not promised to us,commit to change the condition of your community today. The time is now!!!
DERELICT BUILDING GRANTS CAN IMPROVE RURAL COMMUNITIES: Through February 27, communities with populations of u...
SENATE VOTES TO IMPROVE QUALITY OF LIFE FOR IOWANS: This week, I voted to improve the quality of life for Iowa...
KEEPING IOWA A GREAT PLACE FOR SENIORS: Iowa is among America’s top ten Best Places to Retire, according to Ba...
Landowners invited to sign up for Conservation Reserve Program: The Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) signup ...
Amy Beller of Sen. Harkin’s office received the Order of the Purple Heart at the Iowa Veterans Home for her work with veterans....
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album Community Solutions
RT @jaybyers: .@cityofjohnston announces another project for Merle Hay Road corridor: @johnstonchamber @growjohnston
Hall: Funding plan to allow Sioux City corrections facility to open to full capacity:  via @scj
RT @IaHouserepubs: Debating H-8076 to H-8045 to SF 2088 -- to preserve community empowerment and keep it out of Dept of Ed.
Newly Filed Bill SF 178 - A bill for an act relating to community development by allocating tax credits for redevelo...
Expanding affordable housing opportunities for Veterans. Honoring their service and sacrifice.
Attended the community based services (for elderly and those with a disability) this morning. Very important...
I contributed, so should you! UNI students doing well by doing good :)
HISTORIC PRESERVATION REVITALIZES COMMUNITIES: Historic Preservation Tax Credits are an important economic dev...
DSM metro is Most-Livable Bargain Real Estate Market:
Iowans with disabilities often wish to live as independently as possible. The ABLE Act will help them do just...
RT @Rentuntilyouown: #RealEstate Four Oaks Pushing Closer to $6 Million TotalChild Program Goal: CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa — ...
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1139 - A study bill for an act relating to the licensing and regulation of real estate brokers ...
RT @CFDowntown: Support our community - #shopsmall on November 29th in downtown Cedar Falls. -
REMINDER: Through Aug. 21, Iowa communities of 5,000 or less can apply for funding to perform asbestos inspections…
GRANTS PROVIDE LEGAL ASSISTANCE TO LOW-INCOME IOWANS: Through March 5, applications are being accepted for gra...
Individual development accounts help Iowans succeed: Iowa’s Individual Development Account (IDA) program is a ...
The Iowa Veterans Home (IVH) will honor veterans at its annual Veterans Day Program on Wednesday, November 11th at 10:30 a.m. at Malloy
Tomorrow is the Iowa City Area Development (ICAD) luncheon. The guest speaker/author will discuss our regional...
McCoy on Iowa Vets Home reports to Gov Branstad: My opinion is this thing got swept under the rug,  #ialegis
Newly Filed Bill SF 466 - A bill for an act relating to residential contractors and providing a penalty. (Formerly S...
Thanks to Chaplain Craig Nelson of the IA Vets Home for giving the opening prayer in the Iowa House today!  #ialegis
Schoenjahn: The goal was to make the Iowa Veterans Home a showcase for the care of veterans in need. #ialegis
Peace be upon all, have we lost our community? No, however, there are some people that need are help and support....
RT @wcfcourier: Veterans walk raises $5,000 for Iowa Veterans Home: WATERLOO | The young marched with the old through the wind...
RT @ttrco: Total Child and Housing program in Wellington Heights neighborhood of SE Cedar Rapids fundraising announcement...
DNC Chair Statement on Confirmation of Castro as Secretary of Dept. of Housing & Urban Development: Washingto..
Opening night for the new Windsor Heights @HyVee Market Cafe. Excellent addition to the community!
Alley upgrades in Valley Juntion - another example of reinvestment in city infrastructure. via @dmregister
Making a difference: Manufacturing accounts for 16.9 % of Iowa’s total employment.
RT @McKinleyforIowa: See my statement on passage of the updated Knoxville Veterans Home resolution  #veterans
Iowa is among America’s top ten Best Places to Retire, according to Bankrate. There are many good reasons for...
STORMS CREATE EMERGENCIES IN BLACK HAWK COUNTY: I want to wish you a happy Independence Day this Friday, July ...
Rep. Taylor:Republican Rep.Dave Heaton gave passionate speech on House floor about lack of communication from gov about closing mh homes.
Historic Preservation Tax Credits are an important economic development tool to revitalize Iowa communities and...
RT @timeinch: Iowa shines on new Top 100 Best Places to Live list, by @livability. Iowa cities claim 5
HELPING IOWANS WITH DISABILITIES LIVE INDEPENDENTLY: Iowans with disabilities often wish to live as independen...
ENSURING GOOD HOUSING FOR OUR VETERANS: One of the best ways we can welcome veterans to our state is by ensuri...
Carr was recruited by Woodley to oversee Vets Home Project.  Left state employment on May 29, 2014. #ialegis.
Funding available for roadside plantings: Through May 15, funding is available to rural communities and counti...
Good article on how West Des Moines has been reinvesting in infrastructure to keep commercial districts vibrant.
Senate passes SF2110, low income home energy help, by bipartisan vote of 41-8. Debate will be at: #ialegis
We want veterans to make Iowa their home: In 2007, the Iowa Senate established a Veterans Affairs Committee, w...
Derelict Building Grants can improve rural communities: Through February 27, communities with populations of u...
One of the best ways we can welcome veterans to our state is by ensuring they can afford a home that meets their...
.@JimFederer discussing Margaret Bock low income housing, a great service & resource in CR for 20 yrs.
Veterans Affairs – week of March 3, 2014: SF 2242 –   Military homeownership assistance program    FLOOR ACTIO...
“SAFE AT HOME” BECOMES IOWA LAW: On May 7, Governor Branstad signed into law House File 585, legislation to be...
Congratulations City of Conrad. Thanks for the invite to ribbon cutting ceremony for downtown revitalization project.
New Wellington Heights home could spark growth for entire neighborhood via @KCRG
I renew call for Gov to put Comm Worley on leave until there is a thorough, formal investigation persistent problems at Iowa Veterans Home.”
High-speed Internet to expand in Iowa: A 21st Century economy requires good access to the Internet and electro...
RT @OppThumbs: @Senator_Sodders , thanks for standing up for Veterans at IVH in a reasonable and thoughtful manner. #IowaVeteransHome
Des Moines named #1 in Fortune magazine’s “5 cities with up-and-coming downtowns” #iowa
RT @MattBreenKTIV: BREAKING: Site Selection magazine names Sioux City metro as best city for business (cities under 200,000) for 4th time i…
Interesting, Mediacom is having troubles with another station in Davenport.
RT @JeffDanielson: WE WANT VETERANS TO MAKE IOWA THEIR HOME: In 2007, the Iowa Senate established a Veterans Affairs Committee, w...
Just voted in support of HF161, a bill that prohibits cities and counties from restricting rental housing based on family status. #IALegis
