Senate Democrats are working to pass HF 64 which will help flood victims with 56 million in flood assistance.   Gov. Culver will sign this.
In these tough economic times, why are Democrats trying to close Iowa biz with their anti-biz legislation? IA biz retain jobs here
Looks like the storms are almost over. A lot of huff for 30 seconds of pea size hail #severeweather
Working on the Rebuild Iowa Flood package for communities that were hurt by the flooding this summer.
I met with a group of small business owners for lunch this afternoon, and was especially glad to hear from a...
Excited that the Iowa Speedway Bill was signed into law. #Iowa #NASCAR
@MayaMacGuineas  excellent talk at the Iowa Bankers Association meeting this morning.  More Americans need to hear your message #fixthedebt
RT @gazettedotcom: Iowa DOT director wants to improve supply chain for business
Happy Small Business Week! See what our senators have to say about their own small businesses. #smallbusinessweek
Go to this page to get information that can help you cope with our current drought.  There is information for...
Newly Filed Bill HSB 238 - An Act relating to a state marketing and advertising expenditure plan and including effec...
Thank you @TerryBranstad for talking to metal spinners from the cedar valley.  Very valuable small businesses
RT @mmlaw: How to Start an Iowa Limited Liability Company #smallbusiness #entrepreneur #iowallc #iowaattorney #businesslaw #iowa
We are passing a local option sales tax that flooded communities can use to raise revenue with voter consent.
Help tornado victims but avoid scams: There are scammers out there who use tragedy to exploit generous citizen...
An awesome business model, fair representation in decision making and a focus on the customer with an eye towards...
I am proud of my work with the @iowaspeedway and am grateful to have the speedway in the Newton area family. #iowa
State Fair receives marketing grant: The Iowa Tourism Office announced that the Iowa State Fair has been awarded a...
Growing small businesses, laying foundation for economic recovery: Small businesses are the job creators of the Io...
MAKING PAYMENTS SIMPLER: Dwolla is a great partner with Iowa government, as the company works to build better ...
Peter Schiff is rocking it while bashing govt regulations that kill joints on Fox Business right now!
RT @WCSmithson: Thank you Reps Hanusa, Deyoe, Sheets, and @BearingerBruce for moving pro business legislation today in bipartisan manner.
Met constituent today in SW CR who lost house in 2008 flood but got new house with state & federal assistance. #GovernmentCanWork
RT @DMRegister: Should winning money on fantasy sports be illegal? Iowans are asking to clarify a state law.
I recently talked to volunteers from Waverly Electric who helped restore power to Hurricane Sandy victims
Resources and up to date information on the flooding
Through March 5, applications are being accepted for grants from the Interest on Lawyer Trust Account. The grants...
Communities are better prepared to withstand an emergency and recover more quickly when everyone is involved....
Tax incentives play a major role in bringing businesses and jobs to Iowa.
‘Iowans Helping Iowans’ to benefit flood victims: A new “Iowans Helping Iowans” flood assistance program will help...
Senate Democrats pass SF1, allows Iowa business to match out-of-state low bids. Passes 31-19.  All Ds plus 5 Rs #ialegis
Met with the business advocacy board of the Wausau Region Chamber of Commerce today. It was productive, informative and enjoyable.
The governor has issued a proclamation of disaster emergency for Allamakee & Clayton Counties. Grants are...
We want to encourage new companies to come to Iowa not discourage business growth.
Low-interest, micro-loans can help a very small business with a limited number of employees to buy equipment, hire...
The domino effect of businesses not being able to reopen in Waukon: husband & wife that worked downtown, both...
#SF460: Debit card pay reform:DEMS: 26 YESGOP: 24 NOBackground:
Storms create emergencies across Iowa: Because of bad weather throughout June, the Governor has so far proclai...
RT @tiffod: New details about the relationship between the Iowa Racing and Gaming Commissioner, his charity and the big...
Third bonding bill being debated.  The legislature has abdicated its authority to appropriate much of borrowed money.
RT @TerryBranstad: Today the governor issued a disaster proclamation for 13 counties in response to the #iaflood
Glad to vote an Uber bill out of Commerce Committee, which provides rider/insurance protections while supporting this new rider technology.
RT @IAcaucus2016: #Iowa ranks among the lowest in the country in cost of doing business. #WhyIowa #iacaucus
RT @TerryBranstad: The Iowa Concern Hotline at 1-800-447-1985 has been established for those in #MORiver flood areas. #floodfight2011 #s ...
Making sure small business works
Former Maytag headquarters sold to Iowa business
Why did Culver not support Rep efforts to protect flood victims and IA taxpayers during session?
List finalized: Ag, Finance, tractor co, Tourism, Trade, Historic pres construction, housing, pharmaceutical/med headed to Cuba from Iowa
RT @JasonClayworth: “I’m all for creating a business-friendly environment, but you can do that and still be transparent @mccoyforsenate ht…
NEW FUNDING TO SPUR CEDAR VALLEY ECONOMIC GROWTH: CPM Acquisition Corp. is proposing a project in Waterloo to ...
Where do our Gov. candidates stand on long overdue need to reform predatory payday lenders? Time to find
RT @charlotte_eby: Help still available for Iowa businesses affected by 2010 flooding, natural disasters
RT @mccoyforsenate: Plan your trip (or repeat trip) to the @IowaStateFair by checking out their website. What a great Iowa tradition!
Newly Filed Bill HF 686 - A bill for an act relating to a state marketing and advertising expenditure plan and inclu...
New disaster assistance for businesses: Four disaster assistance programs will be available in December to small bu...
WANTED: A company looking to expand in a community with hard working residents and a need for 15MB connectivity.   #RicevilleIowa
Preparing to assist those impacted by disasters: New legislation will help ensure that Iowa is ready to respon...
Culver and leg dems send 100K to 2 towns that had no damage from the disasters.  Passed at 5 am last day of session in sec. 177 of the bill
RT @iowadailydem: I will believe that corporations are citizens when Texas executes a corporation,says Bob Reich @#workingfamilies
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1142 - A study bill for an act permitting the limited gambling licensing of individuals as repr...
Gov refuses to admit that 9 out of 10 Iowa businesses do better under the Senate’s plan.  No calculator needed.  #ialegis #iagov
I am proud of my work with the @iowaspeedway and am grateful to have the speedway in the Newton area family. #iowa
RT @Senator_Hatch: Gov supporter has it wrong on small business benifits.  Expansion is smart for small businesses to access care 4 empl ...
A vote against HF 194 is a vote FOR Iowa businesses.  It protects Iowans.  #ialegis  #ALECExposed
Pleasantly surprised >> Register: Branstad vetoes bill lifting voluntary lifetime ban for Iowa problem gamblers
“…the rollback on commercial and industrial property will save property owners $78.33 million statewide this year…”
Meeting with Governor re targeted Small Business program on Iowa.
ALEC in Iowa - an invasive species...Statute of Repose: Eroding Consumer ProtectionsBill Number: House File...
CPM Acquisition Corp. is proposing a project in Waterloo to invest in its test center. The project will double...
@Terrybranstad declared ten counties disaster areas after a winter storm hit the state. For more information:
Getting our first look at the bonding proposal.  Putting Iowa deep into debt.
RT @djamison: CNBC: Iowa ranked 12th top state for business via @DMRegister
RT @NNewbroughKWWL: An update out of Waterloo & Waverly tonight about the frozen pipes situation. #KWWL #spring
RT @VeridianCU: Paying off debt is a marathon, not a sprint. Four tips for keeping your momentum: via @gogirlfinance
Do our state agencies need to buy digital cameras from a Massachusetts company? Why would state government...
Newly Filed Bill HF 578 - A bill for an act relating to the boards of directors of public corporations, and includin...
Will Culver and IA Dems listen to those hurt by the floods   They failed once it should not happen again
Floor debate right now on HF64, the disaster recovery bill.
PLAN YOUR IOWA SIGHTSEEING: As the temperatures warm up, it’s time to think about what you might like to do an...
LOCAL BUSINESSES GET A TAX CUT THIS MONTH: Iowa’s fiscal responsibility has allowed us to cut property taxes a...
Culver solicited second casino group  The headline says it all
Iowa works when small business works
RT @ChrisCoons: Good news: Senate Commerce Committee passed manufacturing hubs bill from @SenSherrodBrown and @RoyBlunt yesterday
During the 2010 Legislative Session the House Democrats held insurance companies accountable by requiring them to...
MT @KCRG: Data Shows Consumer Spending Up in Iowa
Enjoying Iowa Business Council event  keynote @TerryBranstad
Peace be upon all, we want to send prayers out to the storm victims. We also need to make sure we weather the...
Greyhound racing in Iowa could change this year, listen & learn why. @iprtalk @jeffdanielson
RT @DebiDurham: In 2011, Iowa exported $13.3 billion worth of manufactured & value-added goods. #IAmfg
RT @CallahanAssoc: Top 25 MSAs by #CreditUnion  mrtg market share @icul @WICULeague @MichCULeague @NYCUAtweets @OhioCreditUnion
Filed smoke-free casino bill, directing issuance of up to 2 such licenses. Thanks to Rep Taylor & other Linn County cosponsors!
Iowans hope to benefit from new insurance law
Making Iowa more friendly for employee-owned businesses
It is imperative we create policies that embolden businesses and lead to job  #wecandoevenbetter
Preserving Iowa history draws big investment: Efforts to fix up Iowa’s historic properties and business distri...
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Mexico facing #Patricia. Be generous with disaster relief. It makes a world of difference.
LOCAL BUSINESSES SUCCEED WITH HELP FROM DEVELOPMENT CENTERS: owa’s small businesses are the heart of our state...
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1019 - A study bill for an act authorizing and regulating savings promotion raffles, and granti...
Do our state agencies need to buy digital cameras from a Massachusetts company? Why would state government...
RT @PFSFoodGuy: @LizMathis1 Please do what you can as to not disrupt the DRAM insurance for small business (restaurant/bar) owners in ou ...
My job...was to create a better business environment for business owners in the state of Iowa.” - Rick Bertrand
CONAGRA FOODS ANNOUNCES EXPANSION: ConAgra Foods is hoping to take on a $50 million expansion project in the W...
Just attended ribbon cuttings at the WDM Business Incubator for 4 companies: KCL Engineering, Ironclad Systems,...
Cracking down on scammers: This year, we took several steps in the Legislature to crack down on scam artists tr..
New resource for Iowa entrepreneurs: A new website sponsored by the Iowa Department of Economic Development is a..
RT @DMRegister: DMRegister  State-run Honey Creek Resort lost almost $1 million, audit shows:
I am very proud of my work benefiting the Iowa Speedway, and I ask for your vote on Tuesday, November 4th, so I...
My small business and entrepreneurial experiences inform my duties in Des Moines. Grateful for this endorsement.
IA flood fighting efforts paying off, more work ahead!
Last U.S. legacy airline to go into bankruptcy RT @BreakingNews: American Airlines and parent company AMR file for Chapter 11 reorganization
Government needs to get out of the way of business!
Matt McCoy wants everyone to know that despite the media hype we do not plan to sell the Iowa Lottery.
RT @KWWL: Branstad seeks presidential disaster declaration for several eastern Iowa counties - KWWL
Iowa accolades from Forbes - #2 for business! Top dog is the goal :)
International Corporate CEOs love Governor Branstad’s sweetheart deals: Sen. Joe Bolkcom: I am outraged Gover...
The IA Economic Dev. Authority is doing a great job of incentivizing business growth.
PREPARING TO ASSIST THOSE IMPACTED BY DISASTERS: New legislation will help ensure that Iowa is ready to respon...
Newly Filed Bill HSB 223 - An Act relating to the tax rates imposed on certain gambling establishments and corporati...
RT @postpolitics: Fact Checker:  Here’s why the Marco Rubio’s corporate card saga isn’t really a scandal
owa’s small businesses are the heart of our state’s economy. According to the Small Business Administration: •...
As the temperatures warm up, it’s time to think about what you might like to do and see around Iowa. The most...
Sen. Schoenjahn rebuts GOP criticism of Buy Iowa First, SF1: “I’ll stand by my Iowa companies all the way.” #ialegis
RT @KCRG: Red Cross team from Cedar Rapids packs up for tornado-damaged Peoria and Washington, IL.
Three good amendments to the disaster recovery bill failed which could have helped get more funds directly to those in need.
“The harder I work, the more potential I have and my business has. It’s the American Dream. #SmallBusinessWeek
Public Hearing on proposed insurance rate increase via @AddToAny
Just met with Homeland Security and the National Guard for an hour and a half, to discuss flooding on the Missouri River around Siouxland.
RT @catchdesmoines: Des Moines checks in at #2 for best places for business in 2014!
Mathis on SF1: Saves taxpayer money, supports businesses that employ Iowans, pay taxes and contribute to our communities. #ialegis
I also met in Iowa Falls to discuss small business expansion and the historical society. On Monday, I have meeting at the IVH with Veterans
Iowa places high in national rankings: Iowa among top states for doing business Iowa is #1 in cost of doing busi..
HF 125-Internal Rev Code update bill. This bill 1) allows business & farmers to expense 1st $500,000 of equipment costs. #HelpingBusiness
Newly Filed Bill SF 526 - A bill for an act relating to certain forms of gambling, including horse racing, pari=mutu...
RT @StaedArt: A vote against HF 194 is a vote FOR Iowa businesses.  It protects Iowans.  #ialegis  #ALECExposed
New website offers small business assistance
#SF460: Debit card pay reform: 1) CHOICE of check or debit card. 2) Can get all cash, without fee, one time, from any bank. #ialegis
RT @IowaRECs: Help us encourage @fema to have an open dialogue with #CoopNation about disaster assistance policies. …
New Iowa Travel Guide available: The latest edition of the Iowa Travel Guide is now available to help you plan...
The unchecked power of Google threatens rural, small businesses | The Des Moines Register | DesMoinesRegister.com
2013 VETO SUMMARY: SF 204 – Exclusion from Gambling Facilities (bill vetoed) SF 396 – Government Efficiency (i...
When small business owners have more of an incentive to grow, everyone in #Iowa wins! #MainStreetTaxCut
The proposal to sell the lottery is still alive.
Spoke with a small business owner in my district tonight that is going to shut down because of ridiculous federal regulations. #unecessary
RT @TerryBranstad: Updated map of Iowa counties declared disaster areas by Gov. Branstad. #iagov #ialegis #iawx #iaflood
RT @wcfcourier: Cedar Falls-based Banno sold to recent collaborator: CEDAR FALLS | Only six years after launching a small tech...
As companies work to modernize their operations, many turn to outside services to handle their payroll and human...
Newly Filed Bill HR 31 - A resolution calling for audit reform and transparency of the Federal Reserve.
See my quote from the debate on eliminating voluntary, lifetime bans from casinos for problem gamblers #ialegis
Thanks @BruceBraley for helping CR and other communities with flood control. House vote 417-3
RT @TelegraphHerald: #IAlegis Sen. @JeffDanielson says bill being drafted re: dog racing in Iowa. Greyhound Assoc. official acknowledges bi…
Iowa is a great place to do business. We rank 2nd in the nation for lowest cost of doing business.
“I enjoy the creativity working for yourself provides, leveraging your own strengths and chasing your own goals.
The REG expansion project is a >$13 mil investment in Newton.
RT @KCRG: Development ready designation could help bring in new businesses
The REG expansion project is a >$13 mil investment in Newton.
Why not Iowa? Iowa’s construction costs for industrial space are 14% lower than the national average.
“Iowa Culture” is a new mobile app that will help you discover arts, history and cultural destinations throughout…
Iowa veterans and their families can be targeted by scams and disreputable businesses that promise to help them…
New law expands consumer rights: Iowa joined every other state in the nation this year when the Legislature pas..
DRAM insurance language headed to Govenor. Long time coming--congrats to my hospitality industry colleagues. Big-big win.
Today, October 29, remember victims of #HurricaneSandy, help victims of all disasters, & take action to reduce risk of future disasters #O29
Are you eligible for disaster assistance?: Severe weather, storms and flooding over the last two months have c...
RT @KatiePavlich: You know why these banks are so big? The government made them big -Rubio, yep. True. #GOPDebate
Apply for grants for 2010 disasters
Peace, congrats to Kevin and Renee for helping put on a great Political event  last night (Bernie Sanders). Black and Blue LLC is needed.
W.D.M. program provides loans for small businesses via @dmregister
RT @TerryBranstad: Gov. Branstad has issued disaster proclamations for Woodbury, Monona, Harrison, Pott, Mills, Fremont counties along t ...
Congrats to @kraigpaulsen & the Iowa House for concluding State business in a fiscally responsible
INCREASE YOUR DISASTER PREPAREDNESS: Communities are better prepared to withstand an emergency and recover mor...
Back to action in the House. Approving conference comm. reports.  Bonding bill tonight?
RT @IowaABI: Iowa favorable for new manufacturers, a new study from Ball State shows.
Iowa Tourism Day at the Capitol. Senator Black and I met with Linda Bacon from the Newton Convention and Visitors...
BE PREPARED FOR STORMS: Severe weather has arrived in Iowa. Homeland Security & Emergency Management outlines ...
Getting ready to head to Vinton for the Benton County Debate tonight at 7pm. It is at the Community Bank Building...
Enhancing Iowa’s emergency services: Emergency responders risk their lives to help their fellow citizens, and ...
Newly Filed Bill HSB 208 - An Act concerning live dog racing at pari=mutuel dog racetracks and including effective d...
Des Moines awarded disaster recovery funding
RT @RepThomasMassie: #PatentsMatter. Sen @ChrisCoons & I discuss our concerns w patent bills TODAY at 3pm.  Watch:
Check out the pics of Hillary Clinton at small business roundtable in Cedar Falls, Iowa at Bike Tech: via @wcfcourier
Insurance Day on the Hill. Ben Buenzow of Ankeny has the State Farm Agency in Urbandale on 100th Street. We had a...
IOWA BUSINESSES SHOULD GET FIRST CRACK AT STATE CONTRACTS: Do our state agencies need to buy digital cameras f...
Bolkcom: International Corporate CEOs love Gov. Branstad’s sweetheart deals at the expense of Iowans #iagov
Newly Filed Bill SF 206 - A bill for an act providing for waivers of certain community attraction and tourism progra...
Small businesses are vital to our economic success. 97.2 % of Iowa companies are classified as small businesses?
RT @roberthaus: Congrats to @TerryBranstad @KimReynoldsIA for bringing major investments to Iowa. #2BillionDollarTuesday
COMMERCE – Week of Jan. 13, 2014: HCR 105 – Urge FEMA to reverse Iowa disaster aid denial   COMMITTEE & FLOOR ...
MAJOR EXPANSION: Possible Funding For Iowa Speedway
Governor Culver:Iowa receives second presidential disaster declaration for western Iowa
Great presentation by @thebern01 - Iowa supports start-ups and entrepreneurs. #crowdfavorite #ypia14
Curbing scams aimed at older Iowans: Financial crimes against seniors and vulnerable adults are a growing conc...
More great news on business growth. Have a great weekend!
The Iowa Advanced Manufacturing Network Hub at the TechWorks campus in Waterloo is one of the first projects in...
RT @SenatorDix: It is economic development like Facebook’s data center in Altoona that will help grow the Iowa economy for years to come.
RT @BNorthey: #AgJobs RT @Mike4ABI: Read about the latest at a great Iowa company/ABI member Ritchie Industries in Conrad:
Best of the Best: Iowa’s nine largest communities rank as Best Places for Business.
