RT @WilliamPetroski: Iowa ranks high for military retirees via @DMRegister
@politico: A powerful Democratic lawyer crafted the campaign finance deal: why avg.voter is disgusted w/ DC
Veterans Day is Wednesday, November 11—a time to honor those who have served our country and made great...
Newly Filed Bill HR 51 - A resolution honoring the service, courage, and sacrifice of United States Army Staff Serge...
Making Iowa the best place for veterans: In the coming years, our nation will see a lot of retiring military p...
Veterans can get their status on driver’s license or ID: Honorably discharged veterans can now have their “vet...
Addressing the Iowa legislature #iowanationalguard
Today on Armed Forces Day, I want to thank all the men and women who put on the uniform for our country.
Imagine powering the U.S. Navy with seawater!
In recognition of the service and sacrifice of our military members, Iowa strives to preserve our state’s...
RT @WilliamPetroski: Iowa House panel OKs bill requiring National Guard reports on sexual assaults | Des Moines Register
A rich, proud Veterans tradition here in Iowa. Check it out!
Senate takes first steps to limit use of drones: To address growing concerns by Iowans over the potential misu...
RT @TomLatham: Legislation to protect the 132nd fighter wing ready for consideration by full House of Representatives.
Thanks to all for your service, so we may live free. Navy proud!
Steady funding for Veterans Trust Fund: The Iowa Senate has unanimously approved a stable income for the Iowa ...
We will be hearing the Condition of the National Guard at 10a.m. today.  Watch live at
If Syria responds to US airstrikes by attacking our ships, does the President then have authority to do whatever he wants? (2/2)
Major General Timothy Orr recently updated lawmakers on the work of the Iowa National Guard in his annual...
For Military Family Appreciation Month, thanks to my family & all those patriots who have sacrificed so that military men & women may serve.
VA reform bill becomes law.
Thoughts and prayers to the families and soldiers at Ft Hood.
If Syria responds to the military action proposed by President Obama, is that an act of war against the United States?
IOWA VETERANS TRUST FUND REPORT: Veterans must meet specific income and asset guidelines to qualify for Trust ...
Veterans career fair on April 24: A Veterans Career Fair is set for Thursday, April 24, at the Camp Dodge Free...
Iowa National Guard: A source of pride
Newly Filed Bill HF 155 - A bill for an act requiring the Iowa lottery authority to have certain lottery payout perc...
RT @BradAndersonIA: Great news from @ELeeBakker: Major General Orr said for the first time in 12 years, all Iowa National Guard members are…
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1031 - A concurrent resolution supporting the establishment of a veterans national recovery cen...
Thank you veterans for defending our country and our freedoms!
Three bills approved by the Legislature during the 2014 session will help ensure our veterans and service members...
Be prepared for storms: Severe weather has arrived in Iowa. Homeland Security & Emergency Management outlines ...
With public discussion about attacking Syria, we give them time to hide capabilities & prepare to defend, putting us more at risk. Dumb.
RT @DawnOlmy89: THANK YOU to those who have served and to all those are serving now. #militaryproud  @olmy274 @JeffDanielson
Worthwhile read about how we got to this point w/r/t Iraq and ISIS. Plenty of blame to go around.
@mmflint. Did you really tweet snipers are cowards?  Do you know how many lives snipers have saved?  Congrats on the worst comment of 2015.
Forward to 2:04:13 to watch my presentation of a bill for Military Victim Advocates. .
Preserving Iowa’s military history: In recognition of the service and sacrifice of our military members, Iowa ...
For your weekend reading: WWII Veterans, Iowa Guard soldiers, indigent defense funds, REAP outdoor recreational cuts
Judiciary – week of Feb. 15, 2015: SSB 1025 – Homeland Security Emergency Management receiving local exchange ...
Critical bipartisan effort RT @ChuckGrassley IA Congress delegation mtg w Secy of airForce this wk to c if we can keep F16 AirGuard in DSM.
We will be listening to the Condition of the National Guard from Gen. Orr in just a few minutes - watch live
Braley missed 78% of VA Committee hearings, according to Gazette. As a vet & constituent, I find this unacceptable.
Today is 60th ann. of Korean War armistice. S Korea is free because of countless vets who served & sacrificed there during & since the war.
I met Adjunct General Timothy Orr today after his State of the Guard speech. Thank you for your service!  #ialegis
Newly Filed Bill HF 574 - A bill for an act relating to officers or enlisted persons within the national guard or or...
Helping veterans access the benefits they’ve earned: Our veterans deserve to know all the services, benefits a...
Today I wish to salute all of the many veterans who served our country to protect our freedom. The men and women...
Good vote.  Anytime we can support our Vets.  Special people.
Veterans Affairs – week of Feb. 9, 2015: SF 177 – Iowa Lottery proceeds to the Veterans Trust Fund    COMMITTE...
Just two veterans on Veterans day! Thank you Gen. Wesley Clark for your service and for your support of Hillary...
Worley leaving is great news for Veterans residents, Veterans home and staff.
RT @TavisHall: DamnRight!108yr old man, oldest U.S vet, begins his days w/ tablespoon of whiskey in coffee & smokes cigars daily”
RT @NJNationalGuard: Godspeed Iowa National Guard Soldiers.
Many thanks to the Iowa Air National Guard, and the 185th ARW for allowing me to accompany them on a refueling...
General Orr just addressed Legislature. Iowa is blessed 2 have such a man leading our troops! @IowaNatGuard
RT @TomPow53: Cedar Falls woman fights for lost Vietnam sailors - SFGate via @newsle
Newly Filed Bill SF 194 - A bill for an act relating to the Iowa military code and military service by making change...
PRESERVING IOWA’S MILITARY HISTORY: In recognition of the service and sacrifice of our military members, Iowa ...
RT @MHikiji: Military Women: We Got Fired for Being Raped via @nbcbayarea #IowaPolitics @Senator_Sodders @servicewom…
RT @dseufferlein: Will America heed the wake-up call of Ukraine?
I was happy to welcome local veterans to the Capitol last week & look forward to Condition of IA Nat Guard speech Thurs
RT @KevinBarryCBS2: This morning, how @RepRodBlum is helping veterans in @CityofCRiowa and the surrounding communities. #LiveOnCBS2
RT @IowaSenate: Veterans Affairs – week of March 3, 2014: SF 2242 –   Military homeownership assistance program    FLOOR ACTIO...
Newly Filed Bill SF 329 - A bill for an act regulating the advertising of veterans benefits appeal services by requi...
Our veterans deserve to know all the benefits and programs they qualify for. That’s why the Senate Veterans...
RT @AP: BREAKING: Panetta removes military ban on women in combat, opening thousands of front line positions.
Still waiting for someone beating the war drums to explain how getting involved in Syria is in our strategic national interest.
Joined @ChuckGrassley for medal presentation WWII veteran Clifford Sams of Beaman. Served 1942-1945 #bronzestar
STEADY FUNDING FOR VETERANS TRUST FUND: The Iowa Senate has unanimously approved a stable income for the Iowa ...
Iowa veterans deserve our support
Honoring our veterans and service members: November 11 is Veterans Day, a time to honor all American veterans,...
I attended the Rededication ceremony yesterday for Iowa National Guard Aviation Facility and Readiness Center in Waterloo.
Rockford Seniors orchestrated another stellar Veterans Day Assembly....thank you to our veterans.
Veterans Conference, Resource Fair on Sept. 28
The Iowa Army National Guard’s finest warriors gathered at the Camp Dodge March 20-22 to compete in the annual...
Honored to meet LTC Tim Carey, Iowa Air National Guard, who gave a great Veterans Day speech today!
RT @IowaSenate: Veterans Day is Wednesday, November 11. The Iowa Department of Veterans Affairs has compiled a list of events…
RT @CaffThoughts: .@RealBenCarson: We have weakened our military to such extent it has effected our military policy. #GOPDebate
May 26 is Memorial Day — the day our nation remembers the men and women who died while serving in the Armed...
Community of Artists and Vets (CAV). Bravo Scott Droessler and @EasternIowaArts for helping vets heal thru arts.
CF GUARD MEMBER AMONG IOWA’S BEST WARRIORS: The Iowa Army National Guard’s finest warriors gathered at the Cam...
Thank you again to our World War ll veterans!  It was a great privilege to be part of the Honor Flights.
As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity at the American dream they helped to defend #SOTU
Memorial Day at the Amvets today. Great crowd rememering our fallen vets.
RT @McKinleyforIowa: Comments on the Condition of the National Gaurd
The Condition of the National Guard.
Gold Star Museum honors the work of Iowa’s military: Iowa’s Gold Star Military Museum and Education Center is ...
Listening to Adjutant General Tim Orr of the Iowa National Guard, delivering his Condition of the Guard Address. #ialegis
Col Bud Day, RIP. Fighter pilot hero from IA, earned MOH & secured vet VA care. Enjoyed meeting this true US hero!
HELPING VETERANS ACCESS THE BENEFITS THEY’VE EARNED: Our veterans deserve to know all the benefits and program...
Give back to your communities – volunteer.
RT @NBCNews: Obama presents wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in honor of #VeteransDay
RT @JebBush: Enough with the slanderous attacks. @SenJohnMcCain and all our veterans - particularly POWs have earned our respect and admira…
Congratulations to the Iowa National Guard.
Over the next five years, the U.S. Armed Services will downsize our military forces by 350,000. These Americans...
RT @wcfcourier: NYC firefighters raise money for vets on #RAGBRAI #veterans #ICYMI
RT @ktivnews: Honoring veterans serving with the Sioux City Fire Rescue
Also have tour of district on Thursday. 9am Iowa Falls Library, 1145am Vets Home with Gov. 1pm Eldora, and 230pm Union. Red Cross on Friday
Honest question: If very limited authorization is given for airstrikes, would escalation allow Obama to bypass War Powers Act later (1/2)?
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1123 - A study bill for an act relating to the duties of the commission of veterans affairs. 02...
It was honor to meet Major General Timothy Orr of the Iowa National Guard.  He gave a good speech today before a...
JOB OPPORTUNITIES EXPAND FOR VETERANS
In the coming years, our nation will see a lot of retiring military personnel. These Americans have skills that...
Our veterans deserve to know all the services, benefits and programs they qualify for. House File 414 will help...
Significant projects to serve and remember Iowa veterans: Memorial Day is a time to remember those who’ve served i...
Vietnam Vets Memorial today. There were 869 Iowans who sacrificed for their country.
If the VA wants to eliminate backlogs, it should start by accepting discharge medical records rather than needlessly duplicating every exam.
HELPING VETERANS ACCESS THE BENEFITS THEY’VE EARNED: Our veterans deserve to know all the services, benefits a...
Iowa’s own battleship! Navy proud.
How to get a “veteran” designation on your driver’s license: Veterans can get their “veteran” designation on t...
RT @politico: Eric Holder says President Obama could order lethal force in U.S.:
I am proud to stand with Iowa veterans. I voted today to eliminate state income tax on military pensions.
There is plenty we can do to help our veterans in their transition to civilian life, including going to college,...
RT @TomLatham: My statement announcing my opposition to U.S. military action in
Navy proud on this Memorial Day!
Seriously? RT @bennyjohnson Congressman Bruce Braley from IA helps Park Rangers gate back up the Korean War Memorial
Legislature approves incentives to attract skilled veterans: Over the next five years, the U.S. Armed Services...
US needs to uphold promises made to IA veterans:
Cruz voted to weaken US intelligence...Rubio said No. Cruz phony record on fighting terrorism. #Rubiowa
Voted for SF323, which will transfer $2.5 million from lottery funds into Veteran Trust Fund. Bill passed 92-5. Proud to support vets!
Thanking those who serve & sacrifice: May 26 is Memorial Day — the day our nation remembers the men and women ...
Helping veterans access the benefits they’ve earned: Our veterans deserve to know all the benefits and program...
RT @ChuckGrassley: Had very informative meeting w air guard unit des Moines getting informed to save F16 unit from pentagon cuts
Standing by Our Veterans #constantcontact
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you for your service & sacrifice and to the families who supported you along the way. #navyproud
Remembering Iowans and all Americans who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor on this day 72 years ago.
The Iowa National Guard continues to be Mission-Focused and Warrior Ready.  With continued support of the...
Dan Kelley is a solid player, does good research and has been a superb advocate for veterans.
Most Iowans in Guard top 10% in training and education
I hope that reports the VA deleted claims to reduce the backlog is untrue.
Amen. RT @isaiahmcgee: Pawlenty bullies always seek out the weak  so USA has to be strong in order to be safe #itrtaxday
Condition of the Iowa National Guard - Adjutant General Tim Orr
RT @JenniferJJacobs: UPDATED: Iowa veterans break into war memorial closed due to shutdown, with some civil disobedience by @SteveKingIA. h…
Thank you St Ansgar American Legion for another great celebration of those veterans who are no longer with us.
The Iowa Senate has unanimously approved a stable income for the Iowa Veterans Trust Fund through designated Iowa...
Earlier this week Senate Republicans proposed eliminating income tax on veterans retirement benefits, but Democrats refused to take it up.
Listening to the State of the National Guard in the Iowa House.
RT @KourtneyLiepelt: AP: #Iowa House panel rejects changes to state military crime report bill, approves Senate-backed measure
WAYS & MEANS: All-bill summary 2014: SF 303 – Military retirement pay tax exemption/Home Base Iowa initiative ...
LOCAL MILITARY & VETERANS RESOURCE FAIR: The Grout Museum District is holding a Military & Veterans Resource F...
Sen. Danielson does great job on floor speaking about Vets getting designation of Veteran on licenses/Republicans voted NO to this....
Very happy to listen to @IANationalGuard  Adjunct General Timothy Orr give his State of the Guard speech Very proud of our Guard! #ialegis
Home Base Iowa...a bill I voted for,  passed in 2014....veterans need our support!
Listening to MG Orr report on the Condition of the Iowa National Guard.
Iowa National Guard remains strong: Major General Timothy Orr recently updated lawmakers on the work of the Io...
RT @FoxNews: #PearlHarbor survivors reunite in Hawaii to mark 73rd anniversary of attack
Applications accepted for 2015 National Veterans Golden Age Games: The Department of Veterans Affairs is accep...
The Grout Museum District is holding a Military & Veterans Resource Fair on Wednesday, March 19, 10 a.m. to 4...
No partisan divide on THIS bill. It passed the Iowa House 100-0.  I have a soft spot for those who served, and...
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Marsha Ternus, ousted chief justice of Iowa Supreme Court, is new director of Tom Harkin Institute for Public Policy a…
RT @SenSchneider: Let us all take time today to remember those who have fought and died for our country.
USS Iowa looking proud on Veterans Day!
IVH Commandant David Worley Iowa Veterans Home Commandant David Worley has resigned, Gov. Terry Branstad announced Tuesday afternoon.
Property tax credit for disabled vets: The Department of Veteran Affairs reports that there are 2,754 Iowa vet...
Welcome home, and thank you, to the three Iowa Guard companies who are returning from Afghanistan today
Tim Orr begins his Condition of the Guard address to the body
Court helps veterans adjust to civilian life: Woodbury County officials recently told legislators about their ...
RT @shanevanderhart: .@TerryBranstad Iowa has the best National Guard in the nation #iagov
Thank you Veterans! Your service to our nation is greatly appreciated!
Orr said the Legis has always supported the Iowa National Guard, and thanked us for support
Navy Proud! From September 11th ground zero rises the USS America!
Air Force recognizes D.C. Air Guard as Outstanding Unit
I filed a HF382 to create a Veteran Business Registry so that Iowa can continue to become more business and veteran friendly! #IALegis
Newly Filed Bill SCR 8 - A concurrent resolution supporting the reuse and repurposing of the former Veterans Affairs...
Learn what #Iowa is doing to better serve our #veterans in my latest newsletter:
MT @andersoncooper ABCNews is reporting the US is prepping for a larger attack on #Syria than had been previously thought.
I was honored to help floor manage the Iowa Home Base Veterans bill. Much needed improvements for veterans and...
The Merle Hay Cemetery in Glidden, Iowa, this Veterans Day morning #NeverForget #StriveForPeace #SupportVeterans
RT @chadheiman: @TerryBranstad gives a s/o to Marion, because of Home Base Iowa Iowa is one of the friendliest states for veterans
Bachmann with a terrific answer on Iranian nukes.  Spot on.
I was glad to speak in support of this bill, and glad to see its passage. It provides support to our Guard...
The mission is not over until all of our Iowan soldiers return to their families-General Orr. We must continue to support our troops!
RT @militaryl0ve: Today marks 30 days without a single US military fatality in Afghanistan. This is the longest gap since 2007. #Support ...
RT @cbs2iowa: RT @AP: Report: Hundreds of U.S. troops told military they were exposed to chemical weapons after 2003 Iraq invasion:
Come to Vietnam Veterens Recognized at Iowa Capitol Friday, May 7 from 10:00 am to 12:00 pm. Come out and support...
THANKING THOSE WHO SERVE & SACRIFICE: May 26 is Memorial Day — the day our nation remembers the men and women ...
Good article by @ChuckGrassley on the VA scandal.
Trust fund helps Iowa veterans in need: Military service is a life-changing event for service members and thei...
Ouch....Ron Paul may have just lost.  Drones are a valuable piece of military equipment...not good answers.
Proudly honoring all of the Veterans who have given their life serving or are currently serving in the US military:
RT @frankthorpNBC: US Capitol Police says enhanced patrols may be observed on Capitol Hill as they monitor the attacks in #Paris:
Memorial Day Message: Supporting veterans is a fundamental responsibility #ialegis
RT @THE_PFFM: Please keep the men & women of the U.S. Military in your thoughts & prayers engaged in a campaign to destroy #ISIS & defend f…
RT @IAHouseGOP: Thanks to the hundreds of Iowa veterans who visited the Capitol today for Veterans’ Day on the Hill #IALegis
Voted for HF414, requiring private vet affairs providers to disclose if the services provided are available from the VA or others for free.
MAKING IOWA THE BEST PLACE FOR VETERANS: In the coming years, our nation will see a lot of retiring military p...
Veterans Park Waterloo Rd sunset service honoring our veterans for their service and sacrifice to our Country.
Today is Veterans Day on the Hill at the Capitol. We are thankful for their service and glad they are taking time to talk with legislators.
