RT @Clay_Masters: Talked about broadband access for all Iowans w @Senator_Sodders, @petercownie & Michael Sadler w CenturyLink
RT @caffeinehusky: BREAKING: President Obama has a plan to make your Internet go much faster. #betterbroadband (via @Upworthy)
RT @FarReach: Pretty cool seeing @Windows advertise the @Dwolla app we helped develop!
Iowa Senate panel approves different broadband bill - Times Republican via @sharethis
Unfortunately the broadband bill died in the house.  I think this is unfortunate for rural Iowa.
Below is the link for the history of Microscopes....
RT @wcfcourier: WATCH LIVE: President Obama speaks on increasing broadband access: #iaobama
Tips for staying safe online: Throughout October, Iowans are encouraged to increase their cyber security. Cybe...
What is the future of drones in Iowa?: Unmanned aerial vehicles, commonly known as drones, are aircraft that c...
Finalizing recommendations for the IA legis to consider of expanding Highspeed bradband to all.
Increase your disaster preparedness: Communities are better prepared to withstand an emergency and recover mor...
RT @iowadnr: New mobile-friendly #fishing atlas launches today! Shows contours, fish structure locations
RT @kayla4coops: Dave with the IA Communications Alliance showing the group what fiber looks like and how it works #communications101
good first day working on Broadband for every Iowan..get to see what Gov has planned tomorrow for it, and how much willing to invest
RT @SenatorDix: There is a need in Iowa for engineers and science and technology workers. Learn more about #STEM.
This is the link to the cell transport power point that we showed in class.
RT @johnccarver: @TerryBranstad @BroadbandIowa @IADeptofEd IOWA has 1000’s of digital devices deployed Now connect learners state wide
RT @Engage_Cuba: .@TelCoCuba in 1st commercial accord since Dec. announcement of rapprochement, will offer telecom services to #Cuba:
Putting finishing touches on Prairie Technology bill for Economic growth from Senate.
RT @Anne_S_Kim: I write about moving 9-1-1 into the Internet era with a focus on #Iowa @JeffDanielson via @psdanaly…
Newly Filed Bill SSB 1200 - A study bill for an act relating to assessment of telecommunications company property fo...
Now attending the Opportunities to Address Workforce Challenges through Telehealth in Iowa at the Statehouse.
Dan Wilcox is the new regional director for Bits Networking which is a best-in-class telecommunications services...
any views on what we can do to help get Broadband out to all Iowans..I have a bill that been working on since last year...ideas?
To address growing concerns by Iowans over the potential misuse of unmanned aerial vehicles — also known as...
This is the link to 2.2 properties of water power point slides;...
Great discusion today on the scientific bases nutrient management plans.  I see great potential for success
Subcommittee on Telehealth bill HF 600 in the House Lounge. This is where lobbyists get their chance to weigh in....
working double tonight and still have to finish report for Broadband meeting...Guess extra work tomorrow to get it done
What local legislators say about providing high-speed internet access for every Iowan.
Rural Iowa Independent Telephone Association members are at the Capitol talking about property tax equity and 911 service today. #ialegis
Nice....Newt gave a shout out for my RURAL electric cooperatives!
Locating a cell user in emergencies: The Senate Judiciary Committee approved a bill this week that will help s...
RT @mechdyne: What would you like to see super-sized? How about brain scans and Antarctic ice sheets? @evl_uic #tech…
State Rep telemarketing calls are a thing... Thank goodness for my semi complicated last name to at least give me...
RT @WeatherheadL: .@LizMathis1 drives a #uiowa mini driving simulator at the National Advanced Driving Simulator #LegislatorsInTheLab
RT @marcorubio: The Democrats have the ultimate Super PAC. It’s called the mainstream media.
On commission to find way to make broadband next farm to market project. Ideas welcome
Sodders working on expanding broadband in state - | News Times Republican via @sharethis
RT @kayla4coops: House ways & means about to resume after a lengthy caucus. The broadband bill (HF 576) is on the agenda.
My interview with Elizabeth Kling on NewsLeaders talking Broadband.
New site helps Iowans protect themselves from fraud: It’s estimated that more than 5 million Americans are swi...
RT @BroadbandIowa: Broadband industry likes Iowa incentives, would like more #BroadbandMatters @wcfcourier
RT @DMRegister: .@CenturyLink gets $18M to expand its broadband service to rural customers in 33 states, including Iowa
Remember libraries did for low income moving the dial up....NOW High speed internet is next...Help me move the dial up
RT @IAHouseGOP: State Board Adopts New Science Standards and Statewide Assessment
RT @ThirdWayEcon: “Walgreens is offering digital doctor visits--a potentially big step forward in widespread use of telemedicine.
RT @maggiepolitico: Bill Clinton, speaking to Media Matters conf, called for “media focus on the actual story instead of the storyline.”  h…
RT @mattpatane: Iowa startup @PearDeck gets to pitch at @google HQ next month: #iatech
Iowa lawmakers OK broadband expansion plan via @DMRegister
Worked on Broadband expansion at Cap yesterday..truly one of the great bi partisan bills coming this year in the legis
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, high-speed broadband is not a luxury, it’s a necessity. —Obama: #BetterBroadband
Sodders to serve on Governor’s “Connect Every Iowan” broadband initiative
RT @WCSmithson: Thank you to the Iowa Senate for passing SF 2202 that improves the administration of city elections.
Ric Lumbard, Executive Director at Iowa Communications Network,  giving an explanation of FirstNet and Broadband...
Senators learn about 3D printing at Cedar Valley Techworks.  @northerniowa @BCS_UNI #IALegis #3dprinting
How about some discussion about drones tomorrow during our points of personal privilege in the Iowa Senate?? #StandwithRand
RT @BlogforIowa: F.C.C. Approves Net Neutrality Rules, Classifying Broadband Internet Service as a Utility
LOCATING A CELL USER IN EMERGENCIES: The Senate Judiciary Committee approved a bill this week that will help s...
Celebrating a free press and open government: Thursday, October 3, is a day to celebrate democracy and bring t...
This is the link to the 2.3 chemical compounds video
Discussing the broadband bill in was an means
Drone restrictions will protect privacy: Unmanned aerial vehicles, commonly known as drones, are aircraft that...
“Produce Iowa” promotes homegrown media: Iowa’s State Office of Media Production has launched a new online too...
RT @WhiteHouse: To everyone who spoke out in support of an open and free internet: Thank you. #NetNeutrality ?
9.4% black males arrested in Iowa...3rd highest in nation. ..Justice Cady.
RT @BroadbandIowa: Because of #broadband, patients are able to receive the expertise & care they need without leaving their own communities…
Learning how IA is leading nation in tele-health for children w disabilities from Drs. Scott Lindgren & David Wacker.
On Iowa Press, Sen. Steve Sodders says broadband access is a necessity of life, key to growing Iowa economy. #ialegis
RT @GOVERNING: The technology for texting 911 now exists but less than 1% of call centers have it
This is the link to the 2.3 chemical compounds video
This is the link to the 2.4 Chemical Reactions and enzymes power point that we are working on....
I have been appointed to Broadband committee. I worked on this last year with IFA and telecoms. This is next Farm to Market initiative
RT @RadioIowa: Legislators ponder regulations for drones
PHONE DISCOUNT HELPS LOW-INCOME IOWANS STAY CONNECTED: “Lifeline” is a federal government program that helps I...
West Des Moines Leaders Join Innovative Broadband Expansion Effort - West Des Moines, IA Patch
DNC Launches Project Ivy Tech Ecosystem: Tech Partner NGP VAN Releases Platform of APIs, Users, and Network E..
RT @nytimes: Awaiting the F.C.C.’s Road Map to Net Neutrality
This is the link to the 2.3 chemical compounds video
RT @johnccarver: @IowaSTEM #BroadbandIowa Hundreds of Districts, thousands of students, CONNECT EVERY CLASSROOM, EVERY KID!
AMC ENGINEERING CONFERENCE COMING TO WATERLOO: The 2015 AMC Engineering Conference will be held May 5-7 at the...
RT @CitSciAssoc: Bill from @ChrisCoons provides US legal framework around use of citizen science. Sets up a process for engaging questions.…
Wonder why Techworks and 3-D printing are worth investing in? Great article on the impact this technology will...
Still in caucus. Appears the broadband expansion is dead for the session, according to a news release from the...
RT @business: Many states stop cities from building public broadband networks. Obama wants to change that
High-speed Internet is economic engine: In an effort to help more Iowa employers and workers recover from the ...
@bschopis to clarify...I should have specified.. media on a national level...our local media had great coverage and stayed positive
All Iowans deserve access to high-speed internet but we must monitor tax breaks to ensure fairness.
Gov rejects broadband compromise; We remain hopeful Leg. can pass significant broadband in 2015. #ialegis
STEM meeting today in dsm, reference Broadband expansion...great meeting lets get something passed beginning of 2015 to move this along
We passed a broadband bill in the House 89-5.  It is headed for the Senate.  There is no state money in the bill...
RT @Kevin4ICA: Thx 2 @ChrisHagenow & @RobTaylorIowa 4 attending the @IACommAlliance #ialegis roundtable 2day @IAHouseGOP #broadband
Taking tour of largest 3-D printer in North America #waterlootechworks
Why Cedar Valley Techworks? The future...
RT @PounderFile: VIDEO: On Fox News, @tedcruz can’t defend vote to weaken America’s intelligence programs, tries to dodge
The 2015 AMC Engineering Conference will be held May 5-7 at the Ramada Inn and Five Sullivan’s Convention Center...
“Lifeline” is a federal government program that helps Iowans afford basic local telephone service to keep them...
A better photo of Senator Charles Schneider WDM and myself with Clifford. I support IPTV!
